## 1

The steel below your naked body was cold, pressing up to kiss your cheek as your blurred vision slowly solidified into a clearer view. The icy, reflective, steel floor was lit only by harsh shafts of light that bled through the bars of your cage. You push up onto all fours, only to slap your back on more of the same, your confinement clearly not built for comfort. The only thing breaking the monotony of steel bars is a hard metal tube, dripping water like some sort of overgrown pet waterer…but maybe that was, in a twisted way, appropriate after all.

Dully, your memories swim to the surface. It had been so long since you'd had a warm bed, a hot meal…you had started to convince yourself that things were going to be alright. But then, you heard the monstrous noises, and the walls of the shelter caved in, accompanied by a moan that shook you to the core. You recall the chaos of running bodies, deep roars and giggles mixed with mocking moans. Your companions pleading feebly as towering figures smashed through the pathetic, makeshift shelter you had been hiding in. The towering pink pillar of flesh that plowed through, impossibly large even by present society's standards, pinning a few of your friends below it as a thick, musky odor flooded the room. The building shuddering as it pulled back, as though it was aware of its suffering as the enormous, equine manhood literally fucking it to ruin. Then, more nightmares, as figures rushed along the enormous girth, giants in their own right. Towering bodies many times the size of you and your friends, landing with mocking laughter, tearing off their own clothing so they could feed their insatiable needs. You remember almost making it to a door on the other side of the chaos when a giant black paw thumped down heavily in front of you. You looked up…and up, just in time to see a massive cock the size of a baseball bat smash into your face, hard enough to send you sprawling.

A few thick drops of warm liquid splattered across your face. Either cum or your own blood, you didn't have a chance to take stock before you heard a voice, terrifying in its joy, chuckle, "Hmmm, guess this one's mine!" Then, your world went dark.

Having refocused your mind somewhat, you try to get up, only to slam your back into the ceiling of the cage again. You hold back a sob and crawl forward to the bars, looking into the huge room beyond. A mirror was placed, as though to mock you; it isn't an appropriate size or location for your captors. All you can see is yourself…naked, shivering, caked in god-knows-what, next to other empty cells. Despite the freezing cold of the cage, a chill runs down your spine as you recognize the Sin Corp symbol stamped above your cage, marking it — and you — as their prime product.

Looking from it to your own reflection, you see…

## 2

Gazing back you can't help but flush, seeing your naked body on full display, soft pale skin, a modest build, and your naked manhood on full display, that you rapidly try to cover! Glancing about you see the pale room beyond is huge. The dull glow of lights above beaming down harshly as you hear the hiss of a door down the way!

Head spinning you see the doors opening, as a gigantic figure stomped into view, her long legs tugging forwards a body a twisted mix of beauty and terror, slender athletic legs, attached to broad paw pads, that spread wide with every heavy step they took, a massive set of testicles swaying happily to clap with a meaty slap against powerful thighs, as the cock attached dangled too fat to fit inside their modest feline sheath. The chest above half covered by the flowing lab coat as the tabby face blinked from behind square shaped spectacles. Their attention not on the cages, but rather on a file in their hands, as nearly 12ft of feline stomped past, her tits alone larger than your head! Arousal warred with fear as you saw her stomping past, shrinking back lest she notice your gaze. This woman…well what had once been a woman was the new breed of this world. Ever since Sin had gotten hold of it. Her formula having altered every girl already exposed into one of those unfeeling giant beasts, only urging to slate their lust and more on anyone and anything they could get their paws on…

Watching her stomp past, hips swaying you saw her pause before another set of doors hissed open, allowing her through, above to leave you once more alone, but for how long. The empty cages to either side hinting that you weren't long for this place…but what could you do?

## 3

Gazing back you can't help but flush, seeing your naked body on full display, soft pale skin, a modest bust heaving softly, the firm tips already stiffening from the cold, and your naked folds on full display, that you rapidly try to cover! Glancing about you see the pale room beyond is huge. The dull glow of lights above beaming down harshly as you hear the hiss of a door down the way!

Head spinning you see the doors opening, as a gigantic figure stomped into view, her long legs tugging forwards a body a twisted mix of beauty and terror, slender athletic legs, attached to broad paw pads, that spread wide with every heavy step they took, a massive set of testicles swaying happily to clap with a meaty slap against powerful thighs, as the cock attached dangled too fat to fit inside their modest feline sheath. The chest above half covered by the flowing lab coat as the tabby face blinked from behind square shaped spectacles. Their attention not on the cages, but rather on a file in their hands, as nearly 12ft of feline stomped past, her tits alone larger than your head! Arousal warred with fear as you saw her stomping past, shrinking back lest she notice your gaze. This woman…well what had once been a woman was the new breed of this world. Ever since Sin had gotten hold of it. Her formula having altered every girl already exposed into one of those unfeeling giant beasts, only urging to slate their lust and more on anyone and anything they could get their paws on…

Watching her stomp past, hips swaying you saw her pause before another set of doors hissed open, allowing her through, above to leave you once more alone, but for how long. The empty cages to either side hinting that you weren't long for this place…but what could you do?

## 4

Gazing back you can't help but flush, seeing your naked fluffy body on full display, soft orange and ebony fur, splashed with the ivory that marched cheeks and ears alike, all carpeted over a modest build. Your long ring tail curling down in a primal show of worry as your tiny naked manhood hung useless on full display, not that you didn't rapidly try to cover it regardless! Glancing about you see the pale room beyond is huge. The dull glow of lights above beaming down harshly as you hear the hiss of a door down the way!

Head spinning you see the doors opening, as a gigantic figure stomped into view, her long legs tugging forwards a body a twisted mix of beauty and terror, slender athletic legs, attached to broad paw pads, that spread wide with every heavy step they took, a massive set of testicles swaying happily to clap with a meaty slap against powerful thighs, as the cock attached dangled too fat to fit inside their modest feline sheath. The chest above half covered by the flowing lab coat as the tabby face blinked from behind square shaped spectacles. Their attention not on the cages, but rather on a file in their hands, as nearly 12ft of feline stomped past, her tits alone larger than your head! Arousal warred with fear as you saw her stomping past, shrinking back lest she notice your gaze. This woman…well what had once been a woman was the new breed of this world. Ever since Sin had gotten hold of it. Her formula having altered every girl already exposed into one of those unfeeling giant beasts, only urging to slate their lust and more on anyone and anything they could get their paws on… Something you knew all too well, having seen more than a few being turned into little more than living sleeves for their betters.

Watching her stomp past, she paused when she noticed your pathetic gaze! "Well well looks who's awake. Hmm, Jay was it…what a cute name for a little cock warmer." Purred the woman stomping closer, every step seeming to make her grow larger as she advanced, soon looming over the cage, ducking down so that her huge face filled your view! Hot breath spilling out to wash over the tiny panda tipping him back with a soft thump! That only brought more purring chuckles to the feline's lips. "Awww did that scare you tiny? Hmmm fuck you're adorable, no wonder you're hands off till later, no way I'd hold back breaking in that cute little ass."

Her fat tongue sliding out to lick slowly over her lips as she eyed you, considering for a moment to just that…before with a reluctant sigh she leaned back, her shaft already thickening thanks to your perverted display. "Fuck, and now this, you're a lucky little shit you know…they want you for a special project…hmm though I suppose we could still have some fun." She purred, before huffing and stomping towards the door to leave, sparing you for now? But why?
