## 1

*???: ""Ta Onyxilte Tervanne... a fitting name for the monstrosity we constructed.. for no dream in its heavy halls truly goes unpunished..""*

Cold wind blows, a fabled story comes to life, for girls this is just an old 'bogeywoman' story, for toys a myth with no weight.. in turn it became an infamous legend among the planet, girls and toys alike would often talk about the ""place of no return"" and overtime what the place was became lost to all, the events that shaped the world added new fear to men of the world, and girls focus changed from worrying about an urban legend to enforcing the will of the new world order! Yet non will venture towards the lands where this myth beckons from, till now, against wise words in ones great hunt, or in native fear of being caught by the worst, you've reached it, an infamous complex towering the lands around it, the stories and rumors you've heard now weigh on your mind as you stare it down, the harrowing structure void of life and warmth, abandoned or so it appears, there lacks signs of life to the exterior of the structure, both from internal activity and even the planet's native plant life, nothing touches this hallowed place, everything down to the very grass avoids this one complex, for no reason other than the imposing aura it implores, the sense of dread, a void of life and hope, but maybe you can silence the rumours that the legends hold, or maybe, just maybe you confirm the horrors that many believe to be within the walls of the alien structure or could you even be lost to the structure like many toys and girls before you, just one question remains... Who are you? A powerful huntress or a weakling toy...

## 2

**""I escaped her.... Where.. am i? wait, no.... this thing.. its a myth! I.... it can't... no""**

you gasp for air in the cold night, looking up finally for what felt like the longest run of your life you see a structure you thought only to be legend.

As dark as the night sky, it beckons, no heart, no curves, void of all comforts and warmth, there it stands, the totalitarian nightmare of other's making, many ponder where it came from, what it means, or even who built this imposing structure, it shares no liking to the old or new order.. no pre or post T-day shares this nightmarish hard lined structure. The air around it is stale, almost a fevered dream as the shear size of the monolith imposing its dread upon those that dare gaze on it, many flee at its decaying sight, its name ""Ta Onyxilte Tervanna"" is foreign to girl and toy alike.. but one things is certain, that name still installs dread to those that hear it, few have entered, none have returned from its walls, it shines no light over the land it occupies, yet here you stand in its demanding aura.. the shivers you feel as you step towards feel you with despair, every aspect of your being is telling you to run, the air chills, like it knows the hallowed space you are approaching, each step feels you more with fear and doom, more than any horrors you've seen, and yet you never know why.. what about this monolith structure makes you fearful of it, more than ever you've felt this pure fear. Is it the design, or something deeper, the hum of something in its depths makes you huddle to yourself, you don't want to move, but you must, for this nightmare structure may be your last safe haven.. or so you believe?

## 3

**No... I won't become a victim! I.. I must run! S...she shouldn't be close i...if I'm right, I just... got to escape t...this thing!**

You pause.. you stand inches from the ramp to the base of the monolith structure, your chest pounds, your breath heavy. You shiver more as you look up, tears slowly rolling down your cheeks, you cannot take this, this place its too much! You back away, the chilling aura of the structure continues to drown your sense in despair, you hear the echos of the howling winds over the gaps of the dark sharp tower. Your fear compels you to do one thing ""RUN"". Without skipping a beat you turn, you run, you run as far as your legs take you as the visual of the structure vanishes from your view as you look behind to see if its gone, you foolishness however lead you to a different fate. You gasp and wheeze as your firmly grasped from a sudden hand from nowhere. Once you become aware once more, you stare down at the eyes of why you were running this way to being with, the Huntress that chased you. Her growling chuckle makes you tense up in a familiar fear, her booming voice tolling your fate.

**""Finally caught you, you little brat! I needed a stress relief for the trouble you caused me! Try not break before we get home~""**

 You gulp, knowing too well what that meant as you saw what she did to many men before you, you brace for the end.. as her cock unsheathed below you, a hardy equine rod pressing against your rump now as you feel each twitch vibrate though your body, its eager form demands your attention, as the last thing you hear is the bliss giggles of your new mistress, eager to break in her new plaything.

## 4

**"It's so cold... h..how could a...anyone w...work here?! What is this place.. there's s...so many containers here!"**

Your slow approach along the side of the empty what could be the old road path for moving cargo, now silent as the sounds are only disturbed by the dull humming of  something within the depths of this forbidden place, makes you feel more unease about what you are doing. But inside you know the options are here, or in the clutches of 'them', the thought makes you shudder, knowing full well what those girls now do to your kind. You slow, stumbling walk leads you to an low opening along one of the cargo doors, you notice something odd, these are not shutter doors like the old world uses, but some robust heavy blast door, your mind plays more into your fear , but you leave it behind as you walk under this heavy door, you haven't even noticed the door is oversized for its purpose. You peer into the space, its a mess, dim lights barely light the cavernous space, containers are in different arrangements, some neatly piled atop of each other, one or two of them have been opened, like to become shelter for those brave enough to settle is such a bone chilling space, the other side you noticed the containers are more chaotic, some have been moved off their space, but what catches your attention is not the chaotic order on the left side, but the fact the dust that formed around the space has been disturbed, these containers where only recently moved! Your heart begins to race once more, your breath becoming panicked and heavy in the stail air as your mind plays the worst case senario that you lead yourself into a huntress' trap.. you scamper out of this space like your life depends on it, but not out of the hallow space, you scurry into an old corridor, its wide and tall, you can barely see the ceiling due to the dull now red lighting illuminating the space, the space feels calm, hallow like the rest of this complex. You notice some cargo crates in the hall, must have been how they funnelled cargo, you also notice an old elevator down the hall on the left where the cargo was stacked, on the right you can seen the flickering light illuminating what could be a sign board with 2 other paths that could be taken, directions could be useful, but you think to yourself, "where do I go?"

## 5

"This... p..place, its so, b..big, b..but cold, was this... a lobby? Maybe there's something.. he..here I can use"

Swallowing your fear may have been the bravest thing you've done since T-day.. inside you feel the sudden dread as the central tower looms over you, but there's no turning back now! You approach the closed entrance door, hoping it's not stuck, only to be shocked when the mechanical door wooshes open, it heavily clunks as it opens with the pistons controlling the mechanism wheezing.  You are surprised to see the automatic mechanics still work, let alone working so promptly.. it fills you with some slight relief, and taking the chance you swiftly sneak into the lobby of the formidable complex, the door slams shut with a powerful thud once you are inside, plunging the space in darkness.. a dull beeping for a moment panics you, but in turn lights flash on with dim flickers between each segment till it reaches the desk at the center of the space in front.. the halls were massive, as your claws click on the stone floors below you, in a surprise twist to the despair you felt approaching this place, you are filled with awe of the craftmanship of this hallway,  the angular walls complement well with the authoritarian look of the exterior of the complex yet, provide a small sense of closure, and comfort to you are you slowly make your way to the desk. The cold air vanishing into a dull warmth of the place's central lobby, the heating is working at least. Reaching the desk you noticed a major issue, you are small..

**"how big are these people?! How were they this big!**

you shudder at the thought, since the only time you've become aware of beings taller than you are giantess caused by the infamous T-day. The shuddering thought of their cocks destroying your friends once more crosses your mind, making you whimper only for it to break as the desk illuminates, with a tall avian figure appearing behind the desk, you were about to run, the flickering of the projection only shows it as a holographic projection, technology you've only believed to be in science fiction.

***"We.ZZZZZZ WELCOME G...GUGGUGGEST TO T..TT ONYX... ZZZZZZZ FACILITY, W...WE ARE CURR...CURRRRENTLY EXPERIENCING T...TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES... P...PROCEED TO... CENTRAL E...E...ELEVATOR HUB... TO REACH....L..LA ZZZZZ***

The degraded hologram shuts off without finishing what it was explaining, however it was spoken in the language you understood.. it was automatically translated! Pathways illuminate now, 2 flanking the central desk and one behind the desk, above that door the crescent moon logo illuminates, your fears of this being a secret Sincorp location are lifted away by the alien text surrounding it and a new fear is gained.. "who are these birds."

The left hallway has collapsed from the decay, the right door looks locked, you are left with one choice in your mind, press forward into this hub the hologram stated.

## 6

**"Hopefully no-one follows me.. This elevator is so... long, where is it even going?! How deep is this place?!"**

You scurry with the little energy you have to muster to the elevator.. the space is huge, clearly designed to hold a large volume of cargo, the backwall has text labelling something, however it also persists in the alien language you've seen on the exterior of the massive complex. You look around to see if you can find any form of button, or means to utilise the lift, you can make out what could be the controls, however you see an issue, for one the terminal you're looking at is outside the elevator, and two the controls were clearly designed for someone quadruple your size! the terminal looks to be near 10ft tall! A defeated sign escapes you, pondering why you're even trying in the first place. The world has gone to hell, you could be one of the last men alive for all you know.. sniffling you look up once more, and in that teary moment, you see it, on the side of the inside of the lift, another terminal! This was your moment, all you had to do is reach it. You quickly skirted to the control panel, the text was still in the alien language, but you can figure out an up and down button.. you jump hoping you hit it, falling on you back, you here the loud claxon sound, the aperture of the life shuts with a heavy industrial door. You breath a sigh of relief, only for the brief moment of relaxation to be broken by the lift descending, not ascending as you expected. Your mind is a muddle, as you think to yourself "where am I going?!" You shakily get back onto your feet. as the elevator's decent into the depths of this complex continues, finally coming to a stop what could have felt like all of eternity. A similar industrial door lifting up with a loud "tsss" as the claxons on the bottom stop sounding. You've arrived at the bottom of this facility. Whatever this place is, a large warehouse area, you seen more signage like from above, similar language but at this point the only door you can see is the one the signage is illuminating, the darkness of large cargo containers and lack of light swallows the space around you and that one door. You know there's no other option, going back up will likely lead to a fate worse than death if someone heard those claxons.. You know you must go forward, and discover what lurks in the depths of the facility.

## 7

**"Finally found you... and this time, you won't escape your punishment!**

The bliss of silence interrupted by those tones.. your ears flatten at the prospect of what comes next, you scamper to the sign, only to realise the error of your ways, the alien language its written in, is completely foreign to you, the bird like scratches untranslatable with guidance. Any hope of reaching the elevator or any means of escape is lost, as you feel your feeble body forcefully grabbed by a foreign being. As your eyes meet hers, you recognise one thing, this is the huntress you escaped before, and the reason you ended up here to begin with. Her twisted grin only made worse with her cackling chuckle as she ever soothingly yet degradingly coos at "Oh how pathetic.. couldn't read a simple sign? No matter, the only sign you need to know is which hole you need to fit a cock when I'm done" Her degrading behaviour only made worse by the unknown fact she also doesn't understand the sign. You whine in panic, your weak squirms only provide mild entertainment to her, as she reaches below, you know what she's reaching for, as your heavy fast beating of your heart knows only too well from what you've seen her do to other, the heat from her arousal, you can feel it against your rear, you tried to hide your tailhole with your tail curling it over your both your rear entrance and your small crotch. However that doesn't stop her, her hand tending to her erection suddenly moves, you yelp in pain as yanks your tail up behind you exposing your rear to her awaiting flare, cackling out from her "you thought that would work?! you toys really are as dumb as they say, get ready sleeve.. I've been saving this load all day for YOU!" 
Before you could give any form of  protest you yelp in the sudden, uncomfortable pain of her rod being forced deep into your ass, her flare spreading you wider than you've ever experienced in your life, your legs twitch in painful detachment as you feel her hardy grasp force you as deep as she wants you to go.. you feel her cock all the way to your neck, tasting her pre, as she practically reshapes your body into nothing more than a personal fleshlight for her amusement. No movement you make registers to her other than additional pleasure as she vigorously rides your tiny body up and down her length, each thrust you feel her sheath plaping against your rear, the wet sounds only get faster as she growls and grunts thrusting hard and faster, your body feels like its going to shatter under her intense grasp as she forces you up and down the length.. your sobbing crys hidden by her grunts of pleasure, till you yelp once more, as you feel the force of her cum shooting into your body, you feel a stream work its way into your mouth, you want to gag and the vile taste, but you feel her grasp your muzzle as she hums out "no no~ you will keep it down sleeve.." you're forced to endure each and every splurt as your stomach expands to a capacity never reached, all full of girl cum, you want to cough of splurts working up your neck, but are forced each time to swallow it back down, each moment feels like an endless supply of pain and torture till she finally lets you go, your body sliding off her rod, a heavy wet splat ont he ground as your dazed eyes only see the pink erect cock looming over you before presenting you with a white stream of girl cum, as she makes it known to you, you are the property of the girls now.
She makes a deep sigh, scooping you back up without much consideration for your wellbeing as she hums once more "oh that was needed.. Im certain you can be fixed up for everyone else once we get you 'home' hehe"
You wanted to cry, but instead you black out, the last sight you saw however was the blinking red light of.. a camera.

***???: "It seems your journey has met a disastrous end, lost in the translation of a sign meant to guide souls to the right direction, but in your case lead to the path of certain demise, watched by beings you've not even met. But understand this in your final hours, Death is not an escape in these hallowed halls, only the means to an end. ***

## 8

**"How deep is this place, this hall is so tall! Who built this place?! Why did they build this place?!**

Your travels in this complex has lead you to one possible location, existing though the door of your chosen path, you enter into a another lobby area, but this time you see seats, seats for beings near 4 times your size! you see a giant board baring the logo of a crescent moon, almost like an eclipse, behind it seems to be data moving up glass panes in a holographic display. Looking past this entry you see an increasingly tall passage, it has to be at least 20 stories tall! at the end of the passage and the center of this lobby is a octagonal shaped lift, the glass is tinted red and there's 2 passages, labels on the wall in large text are still in the alien language beyond your comprehension. You suddenly feel a shudder down your spine walking though this angular corridor, the fear of isolation passing though you, this hall is empty, a mild layer of dust covering seats, but the space is in perfect condition, the desk still build for way taller than you is slightly sunken and infront of the red glass lift, you muster the courage to go around and look at the displays of the monitors, disheartened it is also in the alien text, you ponder why it doesn't auto translate, you slam your fist on it, in frustration, hurting yourself in the process. However, this one action changes everything, you hear a deep toned announcement, the language starts alien, then proceeds to change.

*"BZZZ...BZZ ESTO TEVERLA... CEASTORIA ANGORA LE.. LA..LANGUAGE DE...DETECTED, AUTOMATIC TRANSLATION CONFIRMED, WELCOME TO.. BZZZ....ONYX"*

You feel a slight sense of glee, the text on displays sudden translate automatically, the signage on the walls, becomes readable, to your left "ENGINEERING" to your right "RESEARCH" between them, you can see a relaxation hall, you concept of taking a break to you with the threat of what could be looming, or what could even be arriving, makes you feel uneasy.  Some text in the hall you entered from lists "HANGER ACCESS" as well, providing a new option to proceed, but that would mean going back up, up to the levels where huntresses or worse could be lurking. You for now disregard such an option, the despair of being caught flooding your mind once more, you notice on the desk the terminal states "PLAY LOG", maybe this could help you learn about this place?

Question is, what do you do?

## 9

> Well, I'm tired of looking for toys to collect... I might as well take a break for once.

You are a wolf girl, wandering through greenery of the wilds in search of toys. After running away from a rather giant huntress, you've managed to find youself lost, and the last sign of any habitation is an imposing monolith you caught sight of trying to find your way back to your hunting friends.

Having left most of your belongs back at your house in the city, you feel like this may be the only way to find your way home. You brushed the sweat off your fur and headed towards the monolith in hopes of finding help...

And now you stand in front of "Ta Onyxilte Tervanne..", the imposing structure enough to conjure all the harrowing tales you've been told by your friends post T-day. It's practically the only thing that the citizens of your mega-city are remotely afraid of, ever since most other fears were banished as a result of T-day, given that there are several tales of girls going missing here.

You look down at the front of the monolith. You can see that there is an entrance to it, enough to entice anyone nearby to enter. You stick one of your paws inside, trying to see if you can go in there, but after a while you give up. It's definitely the perfect size for a toy, but you've long since outgrown it. 

You look around for another location, and on the other end, there is an entrancethat is definitely large enough for you to walk through. You peer inside, and can see that there are several stacked freight containers populating the cargo wing. It's eerily quiet, but you can't help but suspect there is something here that might be worth investigating.

The question of whether you'll head in directly or go somewhere else remains.

## 10

**NOTE: logs are numerical in when they can be found, if you skip a number that log is lost.**

As you hit the play button, holograms of several avian beings appear along the dark hallway Infront of the desk, each dressed in lab coats, minus the few in clear security uniform, seemingly guarding the ways in. The figures are mixture of various types of birds, parrots, raven, magpie, falcon, red kite, and more. The secretary bird, seemingly hosting this event starts to speak.

Male Scientist: "Welcome Welcome... I know this assignment is a bit, off the norm, but I assure you Ta Onyxilte Tervanne will change our perspective on how we understand genetics of not our own race but others too!"

Sebastian: "I'm Sebastian, the facility director, and you all were chosen as the brighest minds we have in genetic research! Now, that the NDA's are in order and we are here, its time we explain a few things..."

Female Magpie: "I apologies director but, why is the place called "in darkness we dream?"

Sebastian: "ah.. yes good question! And no need to apologies, good questions are always welcomed here! So since we are here, I will state the obvious, this isn't the obvious "we are here for passive studies" laboratory you are all use to, we codenamed the facility Onyx and.. its a blacksite. The research Eclipse wants us to conduct is to do with what seems to be some type of genetic blip that seems to effect certain members of this race. That blip could be a major key in developing new level medical treatments and further enhancements!

Male Kite: "So we are conducting more.. unethical experiments here?"

Sebastian: "technically yes, the ends must justify the means however, Eclipse was strict on keeping our impact at a minimal, even Onyx herself is designed to.. install fear among the locals, its also been installed with a state of the art suppression field, with it, creatures unauthorised will always be smaller than us!

Female Shoebill: "So, can we get the lab tour now?"

Sebastian: *gestures to the research wing* right this way! We can get you all access cards while we are down there.

The recording ends before they start walking, leaving you with a slight unease to the place's intentions, unethical experiments that the girls do to the men now makes you wince at the prospect, but in this place, god know what they did.. but being here is safer than our there. As you were about to leave the screen flashes up a second log, its more recent than the first, and may hold more insight to this complex, question is, do you wish to view it?

## 11

Holograms once again fill the hallway, but unlike before these holograms wear much more advanced armor than before, and only contain what looks like 2 scientists now, there is also a much larger bird among them, he looks like a brutish tyrant, far more bulky and toned than expected, you can almost feel the thump of his steps as he walks, the one that looks like the leader begins to speak.

Leader?: "Feels odd walking these halls again.. after the facility was shuttered"

Sebastian: "heh, I remember when you first walked here, a young intern full of ideas, smart girl too. But Eclipse was feeling the heat with no results and unethical practices.."

Leader?: "indeed..." she looks behind towards one of the other armoured birds "Frya, secure the engineering wing, level 9 access only, I don't want interruptions to the power supply again"

Frya: they nod and head off to towards engineering, you can see they have heavy arms on their back, looks like an assault rifle of some kind but far beyond what you expected

Leader?: "5 years ago we shuttered this place, and the world change since then.. girls of this world are now these beings of lust... how can that happen in such a short amount of time?"

Sebastian: "Admiral Valentina.. look when we left everything was a normal.. if not slightly male centric society.. but when I had 2 scouts look though the ruins of the city we used to use.. we found this" he hands who is known as valentina a vile

Valentina: "fascinating airborne agent.. I'll consider this a key priority in understanding this mess.. it may be a factor in making Project Zypher a reality."

Sebastian: "it was found in a damaged HVAC system, the damage seemed be caused by a larger.. I mean LARGE creature, that caused the dispersal system to break, the vile's been dormant since.. glad its useful"

Before they could continue, the tyrant bird moves foward.. you panic ever slightly as the hologram walks right up to the desk, plucking out a small bird behind the desk, in a panic frenzy, Valentina asks before he get to the desk "Theta?"

???: NONO, P...PLEASE... I...I DONT WANNA... WANNA DIE..

Theta glares down the pygmy falcon that was plucked from behind the desk, guards ready themselves at the panicing falcon as she curls up crying in fear of what could happen, your own fear felt in hers as she gently placed down by the tyrant, petting her gently somehow on her head, making her squeak in panic, you look over to see Valentina grabbing the muzzle of a rifle and forcing it down, one guard holsters her gun, and runs up to the crying pygmy.

Guard: woah there, easy now.. you spooked us a lil

the pygmy's hologram depicts her in a rather weakened state, her feathers matted and filthy, she looks more like skin and bones, it seems she was here for a very long time.

Valentina: What's your name..

Aria: A..Aria miss... l..look im sorry, but e...every happened out there and iwasscared and... p..please don't hurt me

Valentina: Tiara, take care of this please

Tiara, happening to be the hawk hugging Aria: "there there, I got you, my god Admiral... she's basically just bone.. she must have been living on the reserves here!"

The pygmy falcon is basically a bundled mess of tears.

Valentina: ...hmmm impressive survival skills, giving the circumstances, bring your new pet with us Tiara..

Tiara: She's not a pet! We just met her

Valentina: Hmm.. ok fair argument, I won't call her a pet.. for now, bring her Site B regardless she might be useful for the project... and.. get her some proper food, she could use it.

The recording ends at that, you have learned there are beings here, and one is an unaffected girl from this world, and a site B, but no idea where it is.. for now you know engineering is at a lockdown so high you have no idea if you'll ever access it, you know where to go.

## 12

**"As if this place didn't already.... feel so big, it... just gets bigger!! Where do I even go!?**

With a slightly more confident sigh, you leave the desk where the logs were shown, the console going dark as it sparks, luckily you read those logs when you did. Your confidence is temporarily shattered when a rumble is felt though the frame of the structure, lights flicker and spark, before everything returns to normal, whatever that was, it came from engineering, something maybe worth looking into later, as you know you cannot access it. What it did do however is cause a new hologram to show up, a similar female figure starts talking.
"Welcome to Ta Onyxilte Tervanne, please standby for processing, staff will be with you shortly."
You sigh once more in relief, as you press towards the door the sign saying "Research" leads too, or rather doors.  As one opens its an elevator, another is a staircase, the scaling of the structure makes the gap down the center seem endless.. a doomed fall. Shivering you back out of the stairwell and used the elevator, it seemed the safer option, and unlike before, it responds near automatically, the door shutting, the lift you can feel the decent into the deeper parts of this nightmare land, as the door wooshes open once more, you find yourself in a new area.. A balcony, you think anyway as you cannot see over the wall, but you can make out a handrail above the wall like barrier. To your left you find the next piece in your forever puzzle, the lobby of Research, setting in there, you are met with a grand sight, another glass display showing what looks like data running upwards, a near endless ceiling which seemingly goes on for miles upwards, and 2 desks. Between them is 2   more doors, more elevators, to the left and right of both desks you can see illustrations that depict stairs. Your curiosity gets the better of you as you look into one of the desks. The console is dead. You attentively progress to the other, the console is alive! but locked. You grumble, level 9 access required. You admit defeat on the console and peer at the sign between the elevators, there's 9 levels! The text doesn't translate either making it impossible to read, but signage give you ideas what is where, "level 1,2 and 3 have no distinct marking, levels 4 and 5 are in yellow, and have markings for hazard, level 6 is green, and looks like a security symbol, level 7 and 8 are in blue and depict medical symbols and level 9 is in red. You nod to yourself and go into the elevator on the left, you see only levels 4, 6 and 7 are accessible to you, level 1, 2 and 3 seemingly are not active by them being greyed out of the console, not that you could even reach those numbers anyway. Levels 8 and 9 requires level 9 access and level 5 has warnings of radiation hazard. Question is which button do you reach for, given the buttons are pretty high up.

## 13

*"L...locked?! level 9 access?! w...what do I do?!"*

Ignoring the logs of the console, you skip off the seat, and towards the engineering wing entrance of the lobby, you shiver a bit as the cold air brushes over you, followed by a sudden rumble, lights flicker and spark. The unexpected shockwave running though the building plunges your mentality into the darkness and fear you felt as you approached this structure, your heart races as everything settles down and returns to a functional state once more, you look over at the welcome desk, a hologram has appeared, likely due to some form of reset in the system. You sigh as the hologram talks on loop saying "Welcome to Ta Onyxilte Tervanne, please standby for processing, staff will be with you shortly." each time it loops the hologram stutters, suggesting the system isn't fully operational, but the closure of something talking makes this empty place feel a little less empty. Your pause ends as you reach the doors that lead to the stairs and elevator to the engineering wing, there's just one problem, the doors refuse to open, the screens flash red demanding an access card. Just your luck you think to yourself, nothing is that simple, you bang on the door a couple of times trying to get it to respond, but nothing. The door remains closed to you. Admitting defeat you return to the entry lobby to check the log, only to see the system reset caused 2 logs to become locked out, and you've realised you'll never know what the log will ever say or what this other log will say. The feeling of missing key information dwells on your mind now, as you turn your gaze to the entry hall of research, its the only way to go now, as you hop away from the desk once again you sigh at the angled arch leading to a similar hall with a stairwell and elevator as the engineering wing has, but the difference is the doors respond and open promptly, entering the elevator, you feel the weigh of your inaction now filling you once again, the room closing in around you as the elevator descends further.

## 14

**"... what is this nightmare? w...where does it end?"**

You scurry away from the central desk of the main lobby, you scamper towards research with haste, you have the sense you are being watched, cameras on the wall, a glowing red light blinking now and then, you can almost feel the lens glaring down on you. You sigh and hug yourself, the windchill you felt outside still following you the deeper within this place you go. Almost like it expects you, the door of elevator wooshes open, with a powerful clunk as it locks open for you, you attentively climb into the elevator, noting the same crescent moon symbol is on the back wall of the place. You let out a calming sigh as the elevator door closes with a loud hiss, and the clanking sounds of the elevator descending into the further depths gives you some ease you won't be followed. 

However your temporary peace is broken as a sudden shaking of the elevator and the structure itself from some for of shockwave knocks you on your stomach, the lights flicker and spark in an electrical overload and the elevator comes to a squealing stop. The shaking felt like an eternity as you start to panic, your breathing becoming fast and heavy as the walls almost feel like they are closing around you. You try to compose yourself but the feeling of dread keeps you panicking, your thoughts run rampant in all the terrible situations that could happen. Once everything stopped shaking and lights stop flickering the elevator returns to normal operation, and the door wooshes open after reaching the stop. You without missing a beat dive out of the elevator, expecting the worse to happen, you try to slow your breathing as you catch the sights around you, and it only aided in the feeling on dread, and making your feel small. The barriers which are just the railings for the balcony making you feeling like a doll. The space however looking up is a massive ceiling going up what looks like several levels, with what looks like the same red elevator you saw in the lobby going further down. you crawl towards what is the lobby of the main research wing, screens spark for a second as the light flickers over the center sign overlooking the floors of this research wing, fitted between 2 elevator doors.

You shiver at the thought at another elevator journey but as you scamper to a stairwell, you notice the grating shows just how deep the place is, and the fact each stair is a catwalk style design, one wrong step is a death sentence. You fall on your butt and slide yourself away from the stairwell, returning to the signage in the center, you can see the consoles on the 2 help desks or reception desks glow, but you choose to ignore them, after all what is words you cannot understand going to do to help you. However the signage is also in the alien text, you think to yourself "why!?" as you know this alien language is beyond you, however the numbers and symbols, you can understand, you can see there's 9 floors, color coded with symbols. level 1,2 and 3 have no distinct marking, levels 4 and 5 are in yellow, and have markings for hazard, level 6 is green, and looks like a security symbol, level 7 and 8 are in blue and depict medical symbols and level 9 is in red. You sigh and clamper carefully into another elevator, you realise you cannot reach the buttons for level's 1-3, you also notice level 9 and level 8 requires an access keycard, that has level 9 access. Level 4, level 6 and level 7 seem to be lit up on the console, but level 5 is giving a warning for extreme hazard and won't activate. The question is where to go?

## 15

**"g...guh, I... ugh, b...blood?  grhhhh..."**

As you leave towards the research wing, the lights of the lobby suddenly glow red, the blast door to the rear canteen sudden drops, and warning sirens start to sound, your ears drop as you feel the panic of your error, you actions seemed to have triggered some form of alarm!

You run towards the desk, failing to notice 3 automatic turrets have deployed from the ceiling, they only catch your eye when the red beams of their tracking lasers point at you, you dive under  the desk, narrowly escaping the shots of the gatling guns of the turrets. Or so you thought, the sudden sharp pain you feel in your shoulder makes you yelp in agony, you grasp it with your other hand only for your fear of death to set in when you see drips of blood splat on the floor, you look to your shoulder seeing the matting of blood and torn tissue only barely covered by your hand, you tuck yourself deeper in the desk, pondering how you can stop the bleeding, or escape the turrets. 

But as your bad luck could only continue, you hear a door open, it seems to be from the entrance part of the lobby, the sounding alarms blaring still you only barely heard the door.. you try to keep quiet but the bleeding pain of your shot shoulder makes you whimper and scream.. and with that the alarms stop.. you hear the heavy thumping of steps heading your direction, each step feels armored, each time the thumps get louder you can feel the vibrations of each step though the floor, you wheeze trying to get up only to be greeted by a sight you never thought you'll meet, a 22ft avian figure loom over the desk, with a rifle bared ready, the soothing sound of what seems to be a female bird comes out. "End of the line lil interloper."

You cough out a wheeze as you drop to your knees, you can barely respond you finally let go of your shoulder, you can see the shatter bone as the bullet that hit you ripped though, blood splatters in a large pool under you as you feel hazy, you can only make out a hallowing cry as you stare at the female armoured bird, shaking her head as she says "look.. my orders are to take you... but you won't survive the trek down... I'm sorry.. I'll make this quick" she takes aim at you, you can feel tears running down your cheek as you realise this is your end, you never felt the shot that kills you, last thing you heard was the shot of a weapon you've never heard before.. everything gone to black, the pain is gone... finally at peace.

***???: "you voyage into this complex has come to an abrupt end, fatally wounded by the automated defences you failed to even notice existed. Mercy killed by a figure you'll never get to know. But death is not the ending here, by trail you will return and learn more of this harrowing place~***

## 16

*"are these, skeletons?! wait is there things... a...alive down here?!"*

You jump at the panel and managed to hit the 7th level of this place, arrows point down as the elevator starts to move down, clinking and clanging fill your ears as the decent into the depths continues, once the elevator stops, the door clangs for a second before rather slowly opening, you are greeted with a scene from a horror film. Blood splatter various walls of the corridor and balcony barrier, lights flicker and sparks can be heard further down, the walls have gash marks in them, made by sharp claws. But what caught your attention the most was the skeletons, atleast 6 in this hallway, as you careful exist, and approach one of these, you notice something, these skeletons are anything but birds, matter of fact 2 of them look to be wearing what could be huntress clothing, but its torn to shreds. As you get your bearing you see this hall has 2 directions, but one has been barricaded by desks and chairs just piled up without care or reason, almost hastily put together, the other way is a glass door with 2 glass panels either side, you can read the holographic text on the windows "Medical Laboratory Alpha". You hold your breath, carefully making your way to the glass door that isn't blocked by a barricade of desks and chairs. Only one side of the door opens, the other jammed by the twisted angle, once inside this lab the harrow scene of blood, skeletons of those departed only continue, you've counted at least 12 at this point, huntress and toys alike. Whatever caused this, wasn't picky on its target. This only filled your thoughts with more fearful, as your dart into an open storage room as you heard something moving, the thumping of padded feet, on the tiled floors. As you peer around the corner you see it.. a hulking mess of matted fur and feathers, twisted flesh and muscle, it didn't even look like anything anymore, just an abomination of flesh. The only features you can see from this thing is it once had cat like properties, its body has disjointed and distorted with a single half grown wing now out of its back, you can see some of its ribs, torn though the flesh, its growls a hollowing tone, sniffing the air, it wheezes and hisses before flumping along the path. Once its gone you see a room ahead labeled "director's office" but more importantly you see the vent cover within that room has come loose. Without hesitation you scram to the office, hiding under the desk, as your careless knocks a box in the storage room, causing a few items to fall and clank off the hard ground, as you hide under the director's office desk, you hear the distorted groans of multiple beings, and the fast trotting of these abominations as 3 of them rush to the source of the sound, their movements twist in ways the body shouldn't naturally do as they search the storage room. Good thing you ran from the room when you did, you look away, you couldn't bare to see the sight of these twisted creatures anymore.. the desk light flickers, showing a live terminal in the space, the director's computer is still active, and you can see an active log is there called "the failed". Question is, do you read it?

## 17

*"something's out there... I..I can h..hear them, clicking! t...they look like.. birds, b..but metal!"*

A high jump allows you to reach what you thought to be impossible for your small height, you managed to hit the button for level 4, the lift descends in haste as a result, a short journey into the darkness below, however you couldn't mentally prepare yourself for what was waiting beyond the doors, as it opens with a loud piston hiss, you are greeted with large stains of blood, coating the floor and barrier of the balcony, you fall back in shock, dark thoughts flood your mind as you stare at the source of the mess, a body, no bigger than yourself, but clearly missing one thing, their skull, the head cut clean off the skeletal remains of the being in front of you, clothing tattered and ruined by what looks to be sharp blades, you swallow your fear for the moment, peering out the elevator, looking down each end of the hall left and right to see if the danger that caused this horrid sight is still present. Nothing, the place is clear for now, you approach the remains, seeing that this was a girl at one point, finding the name badge, you could see they were a doctor, and were a fox. Why were they here you thought, the clothing, the scale of their body suggest they were here before 'that' day. You feel a cold chill run down your spine, and decide to press forward, you look again, left and right, and see only the left passage is accessible, the right passage has been blocked by a makeshift barricade, likely to keep whatever killed this poor woman out. 

This only sparked more questions. There were more people down here? you shake it this for now, and press forward into the entrance of a lab labelled: "biological synthetics laboratory." The glass door slides open without a hitch, you peer into the corridor, the lights hiss and flicker as sparks rain from the ceiling every other flicker, the space has been trashed, and its no surprise by what, you step back, away from the massacre that be-folds you, multiple skeletal remains, each with various levels of harm, and of various sizes, huntresses, toys, and beings pre-Tday, decapitated, shredded, torn apart by forces that perplex you. However your thoughts on what could caused this are broken when you hear clicking, and chirps, they sound like a hawk, a robot hawk if one should exist, you scurry out of sight, a broken vent cover provide your a vantage hiding spot.  You keep in the dark, watching for whatever was making those sounds, but to your surprise, you see a figure, it seems to be another T-day survivor! In this place of all places, you were about yell to this leopard survive were you fall back at the gust of wind and hallowing sound of a loud, painfilled yelp and hard crash of something, you could even hear the crunch of bone, the sound making your stomach churn and fur stick up on edge, you quietly get on your knees and peer keep in the vent's darkness, but observe what just happened, and you see it. 

A metallic like creature, resembling that of a hawk, pounced atop of the survivor, who now wheezes and gasps, each cough you can see spits of blood run down the side of their mouth as the sharp claws of this metal bird have punctured right though the body of the feeble survivor. You can hear his pleas to the metal being, as it observes him with morbid curiosity, you can see this bird is far more than capable of causing the damages to all the skeletal remains you've seen, sharp talons, bladed wings and metallic feathers like daggers, one wrong move could be a loss of a limb.. or worse. 

As you keep watching, trying to keep your breathing shallow as possible, you watch the nightmare be-folding you continue, the metal bird lifts their catch up with the claws puncturing the man, he clings to the little life he has lift, as he reaches towards the bird, only for his life to be reduced to a snack, the metal hawk's beak peeling him off its claws before flicking him up and catching him mid fall with a discomforting crunch, you could even here the swallow, that made you sick to your stomach. You blink and look back to see nothing but a shoe of that man left, it ate him whole.. before it flew off into the dark corners of this lab, your fear makes you back away from the vent opening and run away, you crawl your way to the next vent opening, it leads to an office, you carefully crawl out and hide under a desk, luckily the blinds of the office are lowered so if anything was looking, the blinds block their view. But its best not to stay long, heading back to the exist isn't an option with that.. thing out there. You attentively crawl out of hiding, climbing on the chair to check the desk, your size being shamed by the owners of this place once more as you see on the computer, that its still active, you can see it has a map of the lab open, you can also see there's a access to level 5 near the back of the labs, it might be the only way out, you also see camera positions on the monitor, and a blip for a passkey, that could be important, but you can see a log on the screen labelled 'stalkers' question is do you read it?

## 18

*"o...oh god, w...what are these, g...gryphons?! what is th...that armour, no... STAY BACK!"*

You managed to jump up at the elevator controls, hitting the button for level 6. Part of you sighs, as the elevator starts to move down, it clunks and clangs during the decent into the lower levels. Arriving at Level 6, the doors whoosh open to the sight of a dim glowing corridor space the barrier that is the railing for the balcony has splotches of  blood, the sight already making you tense, as you muster the courage to leave the elevator.

This level is mostly void of any signs of life, like the rest of the facility at this point, but the splatters of blood on the walls and floor do not fill you with hope, you press forward to the door baring the symbol for security. However, as you reach it, you see a problem, the door is locked, and you can see it requires a level 4 passkey to open. You grumble to yourself 'another locked door!', at this point you get the sense someone is trying to keep you out. However the peace of mind is disturbed, you instantly tense up and your fur sticks on edge, as you hear the calls, chirps, clicks and tones that you honestly thought could be a Australian magpie, you duck under the nearby bench watching from under its protection, trying to see what is making these calls. But you see nothing, you eye up the elevator, if you can just make it, you can go to another level you say to yourself. However at the exact moment you were going to make a break for this elevator, you see it. A large figure lands right in front of the elevator. You could only describe this being as a armoured gryphon, and it is the creature that was making these calls.

It sniffs the air, its ice blue iris glow, giving a dim illumination of the metallic material protecting its head. However you notice these armour pieces are not just protecting these gryphons, but are moulded into their very flesh. Cyborg gryphons in a sense, as another jumps down from the ceiling, landing with a heavy thump, the 2's head snapping and searching. They know you are here and they are looking for you, the 2 gryphons chirp and chitter with each other, before you could formulate a plan, you hear the metal of the bench creak and strain, a third creature has landed right above you, your heart beats heavy as you cover your mouth to hide your heavy breathing, you look up to see it, staring right at you. It knows you are there.

Before you could move on your own, you yelp as you yanked out from hiding by the talons of one of the other creatures,  you are surrounded by the 3 gryphons, one actively sniffs you, keeping you pinned by its forward paw as it growls and chirps, you can feel the heat of its breath washing over you, its black teeth baring at you, you feel at any moment you are going to be torn to shreds, but this isn't the case, these 3 creatures have other plans for you.

The one that has you pinned calls at the other 2, and the other nod and leave, seemingly leaving you with this large gryphon like being holding you down, it huffs at you, it never really speaks, at least not in a language you can understand, however its seductive glare at you gives you all the information you need to know.. your panicked breathing returns, as you gasps and meep.. you never expecting such a creature to be what does this to you. You always were terrified of the huntress' grabbing you, but instead this cyborg gryphon is what claims you. You're rolled onto your belly by the gryphon as it stands over you, you grunt a bit before screaming out in sudden sharp pain as you feel the taper of this creature force its way though your ass, no warning or preparation, just one aggressive thrust lifting you right off the ground as the gryphons taper is shoved ever deep into your ass. The heavy thrust from this being is followed by a soft moaning huff from the same being, it cautiously holds you, almost like you were nothing but a fleshlight, as you squirm, trying to free yourself from it, but you cannot, you growl out a gasp as you feel it slide you up, then back down its taper, for how girthy this rod is, and the pain you still feel from it forcing it into you moments ago, surprisingly this gryphon is tender with you, seemingly not having the intent to just crush you like others would. 

It's calls of pleasure do not fill you with ease, as its rhythm of using you to jerk off start to get faster, you feel soft motions now becoming rougher, you painfully gasp, yet part of you finds this.. erotic, you cannot hold back that one though as you moan, looking at the creature you can see a slight.. soft smile from it. You brace yourself, you know what to expect now as it archs itself down, and the rhythm of soft thrusts start becoming heavy poundings, you feel the base of its cock pounding your ass now, heavy plaps against your soft cheeks as it slides you up and down, up and down without restraint, it growls and clicks out moans and grunts with each passing thrust, your own dick betraying you, as you can feel a hint of pleasure between the painful thrusts, you brace for the worst as the creature hiss out a loud moan, slamming you against the base of its taper, each throb now expanding your body, as it lets out a near ear breaking caw your body not prepared for this as you nearly cough up a stream of its cum, as you feel the heavy splurt force its way from your ass into your stomach with heavy streams of the thick cream forcing its way though your body. You cough and gag, you never expected this creature to do such a thing, but it coos and chitters, letting you go now as it falls to its side in pure biss, you squirm again, hoping this moment could be your freedom, but you come to the horrid fact, you are stuck, bound to its base, you never felt it, but this taper was knotted, the shear pain of its pounding blinded you from the sharp knotting you just endured. You whimper.. as each struggle to pull yourself free only makes it moan again, treating you to another heavy splurt of its cum, the third splurt forcing its way fully up your neck and ejecting right out your mouth. You gag in disgust. before squeaking as this gryphon gets up, it looks down at you, the mess it has made of you, but amazed you survived such an ordeal.. however it doesn't free you from its cock, instead you watch the world move from under it, each way, making you groan and huff, you feel your own stomach sway from the taunt filling you have been stuffed, with. You watch as it crawls though various openings and corridors, and greeted by its 7 other siblings, the others look at you with soft yet intentful expressions. You cough a bit, as your vision blurry, you yelp loud as you feel the knot is freed from your ass with a hard pull from the gryphon as it places you in a nest, letting out a gargled groan, you pant, holding your hands to your bloated stomach, as the pains around your body start to bleed into nothing but dulled numb sensation, the gryphon creatures now staring at you, you hear it words for the first time since encountering them.. clear as English "Soon... you will accept being on of us~"

***???: it seems this journey has ended, not with your death, but with a rebirth. Unknown of their names, You failed to notice why you failed to die by their cocks, the changes your body was already experiencing by their sexual actions, all beings in Ta Onyxilte Tevanna act with a reason, these beings are no different, you will become one of the pack, you are theirs now~ But this fate isn't your end, just another page in a chapter of this place, you will endure, I know it.***

## 19

You click on the log, and it brings up a document, likely a good thing that its only a document, anything audible may alert the monsters in the dark, you start reading.

*"Biological Conversion Project: STALKER

The stalker avians, often also referred as head hunters or flying sawblades, are a biological being artificially injected with a nanite solution that converted the biological exterior into a extremely light metal exo-skeletal structure, it also converts non avian beings into an avian hawk, the metallic exo-skeletal structure mimic avian feathers and physiology perfectly.  Internally the stalkers digestive track was manipulated by the injection to convert all incoming biomatter into a usable biofuel, this being plant matter, meat and anything in-between. They stand near 15ft tall from beak to foot, making anything under 6ft easy prey for them.

The first Stalker codenamed XENO was developed to have gained both set of genitals, that being a gential slit and a long silvery taper, while unexpected, she has seemed to adapted well to having both sets and enjoys the luxury of choice. When other stalkers were made, they equally gained the same trait of both genitals, however they all refer to themselves as female, or sisters. 

The combat ability of the stalker should not be underestimated, they are ambush predators, that use the darkness to their advantage, they prefer open areas in pure darkness, with high observation sightlines, where they can pounce their target with either razor sharp talons, or the bladed edges of their wings, these blades were designed to shred the bone of our enemies and as such be avoided. Cramped places are a good means of avoiding them, anything that limits their flight they will avoid, additionally having a flashlight my be helpful for searching, they are sensitive to bright flashes. The Stalker eats smaller creatures, such as mice or similar size rodents alive, the papillae is outfitted with sharp spine like teeth that is common in Vega Avians, such spines dig into prey and hold them in place, if a bit wide, the prey may be crunched by the papillae's rough spines and hardened shell and the tongue of the bird, however this has proven to not be fatal, only crippling, resulting in a prey incapable of fighting their demise as they are swallowed whole and alive to be digested into biofuel. Stalkers have the similar 12 teeth along the beak edge that all Vega Avians have, however the front most 2 are slightly longer than the rest.

While stalkers can reproduce naturally, it is a complicated matter for them, gestation is often not successful outside of a chosen compatible pair, usually the stalker than converted the other one. As such they often chose to convert others than show potential as a partner, to ensure they are a compatible pairing. Their longer front teeth contain the same nanites that caused their conversion as a form of venom, such a bite from them, ensures you are nothing more than a ticking timebomb. As the nanites work though your body your body will morph and disfigure, bones reshape, till you are another hawk stalker. This isn't always a bad choice when cornered, as it will ensure your survival, and they may look favourable on you. 

They are matriarchal, following the orders of the first stalker Xeno, seeking her isn't a bad thing, but if she see potential in you for improving their low numbers, in the event they are low on numbers, she will not let you leave.

Note: consider similar conversion methods for Hunters or a breeding method of conversion due to the complexity of their beaks.. may be advantageous for them to bite or breed others into their own kind.

Additional note: who made it so Onyx could make stalkers?!"*

you shiver at what you read about these creatures, however you know now how to avoid them.. its time to press forward!

