Toys had become a scarcity in the lower districts of Alea Panthera, a large gambling city, and the amount of them were diminishing at an alarming rate so sanctions had to be implemented. Toys here in this major city were not just toys but also used as a side currency to be used in the tons of gambling that most girls came here to do. There were facilities that bred toys, however they couldn't keep up with the demand. In the lower districts, it felt like another city completely, with no signs of gambling, and no tourism. Plenty of girls had gone feral once they've lose all their money and can no longer afford their living expenses on top of buying toys for relief. With the toy demand being so high, girls were left with either one of two options, pay the ridiculously high prices shops demanded, or get a hunting permit and hope to hit the hunted toy limit each week. Most girls in this city were not the hunter type. So it was down to needing to dish out the money for the toys or miss out completely. Buying a toy for some wasn't the best option due to how easy they were to break having to take care of toys would need to be done, but for some, it just wasn't possible. It wasnt like the early days of the new era, such as grabbing a toy fucking their life away, tossing them in the used bin, and repeating. But treating anything that wasn't a female originally was hard for most, unnatural even, so whenever a girl was lucky enough to find out about the district's underground toy operation, it was little surprise that they were inclined to visit when they could to take a chance at some cheaper toys to either use for themselves or gamble away for a chance to either win big or go feral trying. When the girls would visit this specific dealer, some would be shocked to see who was the one running it. In front of the large metal door stood a male, a rare breed of male. A gender traitor. Traitors hunted other males in turn for their benefit, being able to live a life alone away from their owner as long as they did a good job. They were granted some protection to keep them alive. Though only the owner determined their worth in being alone. This traitor was a six-foot-tall naked unicorn stallion who stood in front of a door, hands down to his crotch covering his sheath. He was looking straight ahead towards a pair of girls who walked toward him, upon arriving in front of him looked down and inspected his body. At the top of his head, they could see a small indent on the back side of his horn that would be partially hidden away into his fluffy yellow and blue mane that went down the back of his neck down to his broad shoulders. Those broad shoulders led down to his bulky arms, to his thick meaty fingers as they covered his crotch, however between those arms, his chest was wide open for inspection, and cuts and scars were scattered over his chest, Of course, none of this mattered, and wether he liked being eyed up like a piece of meat, the only protection he had was the red and yellow collar around his neck as it marked him albeit owned and off limits. As you see in this world males were stripped of any power they ever had. Males were shrunk or lucky enough to keep

their size and were made to become toys for the varying sizes of girls that ruled. As an inexperienced visitor to the market may think otherwise, he was owned and he took pride in the position of standing above all other men he captured to sell off as cumdumps and as accessories, along with other merchandise to make money for his mistress. Any regular would know that wasn't the case. He was indeed owned by a girl, one he took pride in being able to serve in this way rather than being used as a cum dump like most toys were. His owner saw that he had a knack for tracking and herding wild toys, holding no qualms in wrangling them up to be made to use. Of course, that didn't give him the right to any form of power it was easier to have him selling them so that she could focus elsewhere on other important matters. Any toy having more power than being a cumdump opposed the ideology of this era, that if it were to get extremely out of hand, those who had their hands in this operation would be dealt with in extreme measures. As the girls got closer, he removed his hands from his crotch to open the door for them. Which caused his flaccid member to flop out in front of them, one of the girls smirked and was about to grab it but the stallion was a bit faster than her and pushed her away. "The fuck do you think you're doing, toy? You think you have a say in what I do to you?!" He cleared his throat and simply responded in a polite but semi-aggressive tone "It's not about what I have to say, it's about what my mistress is going to say when she finds out her best hunter and seller was fucked to death by a pent up girl who couldn't wait a few minutes to buy her cumdump." He said as he removed his hand from her wrist and pointed up to the collar around his neck as he spoke. "What makes you think just having that collar on your neck makes you protected?!" She retorted back to him, she was just a bit taller than him, her cock hanging and leaking pre, almost as if she was enjoying the fight back. "I'm going to have fun fucking that tone out of your voice, fuck sleeve." "Heh, you want to play that way? Alright, go elsewhere good luck finding a toy cheap enough for your poor ass. Unless you decide to grow a pair and hunt them down yourself, oh right you won't because you're too much of a lazy cunt to go out and hunt in the wildlands yourself." Regal, was pushing it, cursing let alone challenging her was a way to get killed, even by his mistress but he was able to have his standards, and as he had his protections set for reasons like this. He was allowed to get away with this, but it was a risk every time he did it. As even if it was in writing or had been said, the law was girls treat the boys how they like. "You fucki-" Before she could finish her statement he slammed the door on them, the echo of the

slam echoing down the hall as he shuffled to stand in front of it. If it was just one girl he would be able to hold his own, but with three he wouldn't stand a chance. He took even more of a risk in grabbing her wrist. He was still a male, which meant they could overpower him, rape and leave him for dead, but again if they did, they would have to answer to his owner, and she was definitely not the one they'd want to mess with. A dragon stepped forward. She wasn't as tall as her friends but she was dressed a bit more responsibly and had a bit of decency. Her arms became crossed under her large set of breasts, causing them to perk up a bit, looking a bit off to the side, with no sign of any wings. The next thing that caught his attention was her purple and green scales that glimmered in the low light of the back alley, her eyes are what got the main attention of the stallion after he took notice of them. They had a stern look to them, the body she had didn't look like much but those eyes, the eyes of a dominatrix, she knows what she wants, and she knows how to get it. She crossed her arms beneath her heavy breasts, taking a moment to once again look over the stallion before she moved her hand towards his neck. "Prove it then, I just want to see the tag is all." The stallion raised a brow, taking a moment before deciding to lean forward, flashing the tag -shaped like a pair of balls, with a heel stepping on them. She read its contents and let go of it, letting the stallion stand back up. "Regal, would you please open the door? I apologize for my friend here acting like a total bitch. She's just very pent up, otherwise, we wouldn't be here to see what you have available. Maleah, please apologize to this kind gentleman of a toy. He's simply following the orders given to him that supersede our demands." "You what? You can't be serious, Zaria! Why are you being nice to this fuck toy!" Zaria looked over to Maleah and even though she was taller than her, Zaria grabbed her by that dick she so proudly left hanging about and squeezed, causing Maleah to wince a bit in surprise, "Because if I don't get any damn toys to fuck I'll be knot-fucking you senseless for the rest of fucking time! I need these toys and you're not going to fucking ruin my chance to get a fresh-caught batch of fuck toys!" "Okay okay! Fucking ow..." Maleah, wincing from her friend's grip, looked over at Regal and, through rolling eyes, reluctantly apologized. "I'm sorry for threatening you...There, happy? Can we just buy our damn toys?!" "Fine. You lovely bunch of girls can go in. Clearly since all three of you are new here, no sampling the merchandise, remember these toys are freshly caught, one-of-a-kind. All sales final..." He stepped out of the way and opened the door, following them inside once the quiet girl stepped inside, closing the door behind him.

Regal turned and watched as the toys in his collection were trying to hide. He watched the girls taunt the toys as they said out loud what they were going to do with them. Especially Maleah - sounds like she could be a repeat customer with her attitude. He moved away from the door and began to keep a bit of distance from the group in case they had questions. "How...how could you?" It was a Shepherd who had been shrunken down to about two feet and was holding onto the cages bars. One he caught earlier in the morning. Regal looked over, his eyes looking down at the shepherd. Squatting down, he let out an exhale and leaned in a bit closer "Because unlike you. I learned to adapt to this new world. You don't want to, yet you think I should set you free? Why? So you can try and escape, then what? I get punished and my light goes out. It's best to give these girls what they want. For guys like us now, well toys, we either choose to serve a purpose or die being on a fat cock as a toy. Like you will soon" He stood up and walked over to the girls. "Attention ladies. It's come to my attention that I am allowed to provide one sample for you and your beastly, needy cocks. If he survives, you can keep him as a gift." He walked over to the shepherd, with a smirk he took a step back and let the girls have at it. "Traitor!! Traitor!! How fucking could you!" He was shortly grabbed by the girls, who all gave him a nasty grin. "No! Stay away from me! No!" Those cries didn't last long once Maleah pressed her tip against his lips, her cock way too big, not that she cared. Meanwhile, Zaria took him from behind, and between the two of them, any screams were muffled and stopped. He swore he saw the toys' jaw break, but that didn't matter, as he looked at the toys around him, and glared at them. Telling them that this would be their punishment for speaking up. He would watch as the girls bought their bargain toys, all squirming and begging to be helped, even managing to sell some supplies such as collars and leashes. Just another night in the land of Alea. ----------------------------- Beep!! Beep!! Beep!! Beep!! Regal rolled about in his bed, his hand searching to stop the alarm. Hitting the snooze button he looked up at his clock that his owner could control. Five in the morning, great his mistress wanting another early day for the hunt. He sighed a bit, even though he was free, his mistress still controlled most of his life. When he sat up, tossed the sheets to the side, and looked around the room, his personal toy cages were locked except for one that was for his Shepard to do chores, primarily cleaning up after Regal. This freedom was in the sense of not being given up for sale or being shrunken down and made into a toy for her to use, break and discard. Compared to that, he was more than happy to become what he is today. He looked up

at the ceiling for a moment before sighing and leaning up in the bed, with legs going over to the side to get up and out of bed. Today was another hunting day. These days, one to two girls would accompany him and cover his tracks to make sure he didn't just run off. Honestly, he didn't even want to, he had everything he needed - toys to fuck, food, a bed, a roof. Sure he had to serve his mistress from time to time when she craved someone who wasnt going to break when she used them, but those times were far and in-between considering how busy she had been these days. Getting up and walking through his bedroom, his green equine cock dangling between his legs as a small Doberman male would walk up and begin to service it, Regal did not pay him much attention, as he sat down at the small table he had and began to eat the breakfast that had been prepared for him. "My trash for the toys is full again, best get that cleaned by the time I get back, or you'll be next." There was no verbal response to his demand but feeling that slight tongue trace over his tip was the answer he needed. About halfway through his meal, a knock came on his door. He sighed a bit as he rested his utensils on the table to go to open the door. The door was thick with locks, but they weren't there to prevent a break-in. After all, most girls were too strong to keep out with man-scaled things. They were there purely to slow a girl down, to give him a chance to escape, with or without his toy supply. Once the door opened, he was hit with the musk of a strong-looking female Umbreon, Moony. She was standing over him, easily 15 feet or so. His musk was strong itself, staining his room and the shop he ran, even after the girls from the night before it didn't take long for him to reclaim his territory. But with her, however, her musk immediately overpowered his own and any other female that stood in her presence. "Good morning, Mistress Moony. Coming over to collect me for my duties already?" "You got that right, runt. Did you sell any more toys these past few days?" She casually asked, even though she didn't care that much. She grinned and grabbed his horn, pulling his head into her crotch where he was forced to smell her strong masculine scent. Even if he could hide his arousal, she'd still see that it still affected him. "Look at you, given power, and yet you still know your place as a cock sleeve. One of these days, runt, I'm going to breed that ass of yours and you'll scream my name like a good cock slut." "Yes mistress, but can we go now? I have a good feeling about today...how many other traitors am I in charge of today?" She chuckled a bit and grabbed his collar and with a click it came off, freeing his neck. He rubbed where it had been, his fuzzy fur still marked with its imprint. "None today, runt, you're

hunting solo. The lady boss wants the others to cover more ground. Lower expectations, but not for you. Not after you, runts came back empty-handed last time." "Yeah I know, she'll have them this time, well here's hoping, you girls should slow down on breaking us toys you know? Pretty soon there won't be any wild ones left to hunt." He joked with her, hoping to see if he could make her laugh, though she didn't and just shook her head. Even though he's done a lot for them still no room for him to be somewhat playful. "A problem for later runt, now let's go" She pulled him by the horn and dragged him out of his home, leaving his Doberman servant to clean the mess he left behind. -------------------------------------------- Just outside of Panthera's city limits Moony and Regal stood outside of the cabin. Given a dagger to put in his leg sheath, a canteen full of water, and a quick douse in spray to briefly hide the musk that he had been marked in earlier, though that wouldn't last more than a day. "Alright...remember the area you need to take any toys to. And make sure you get all of them there this time." "Yes ma'am." He nodded and started running off, heading into the treeline. Taking a moment to look back he saw that she was already gone. He never seemed to be able to catch her leaving. Hours went by in the woods, though something about it always seemed so calming and peaceful. Out here, there wasn't an overbearing heavy scent of fem musk or the occasional screams of a toy being raped. Sure the wilds were still a dangerous place with many exotic creatures, unsure where they came from but they were there roaming. He could easily just make a break for it, though he knew better than to not challenge his huntress and especially his mistress, it wouldn't take them long to find him anyways. He was in a position where he'd be extremely stupid to throw it away, to live a different life of servitude, and be able to befriend and even tell the dominant gender no. As he was coming into a small clearing to take a break when he noticed that the area seemed off. The grass was flattened, dirt clumps misplaced, and there were the remains of what seemed to have been a badly cleaned-up fire pit. A small group, maybe around six to seven males, had been hiding here. Looking and observing a bit more he'd see that some small disturbances were heading off towards the area he needed to be for a pick-up. "Perfect..making this a bit easier for me." He ran off following their trail, hoping to see if he could catch up to them.

It only took a bit longer for him to catch up to them. When he did, he found them arguing about which direction to go and to set up camp. From where Regal lurked he saw a small group of males, all in battered clothing. Some had made shirts out of sticks and leaves, while others wore nothing at all. Regal saw a gray and red-furred wolf standing looking pissed and annoyed tapping his paws in the dirt, seeming like he was about to lose his patience with the blond, short-maned lion and dotted hyena next to him, who both had a bunch of scars and missing fur. Around them, others like a fox, leopard, and lizard all just sat and watched, seeming to either not be involved or like they had their side to their little quarrel. Easy prey for him, then. The other three might need a bit more convincing. Regal's train of thought was interrupted as the wolf spoke up. "God could both of you just shut the hell up already! Look if you want to camp here in the ruins then by all means go ahead, but we cannot and, I repeat for the hundredth time, cannot be making so much noise out here unless you want to get caught by the demons that we used to call girls." The hyena looked over, seeming to have been annoyed with the wolf's call. "Look, I get it. You've been around since the beginning, good on you, but I made it out of that city and I do not want to be caught again! I am telling you now, this area? Nothing is ever out here! We are fine here! The girl I escaped from work with hunters, I know what I'm talking about!." That's when Regal took his cue and acted as if he had been wandering around. "You know? You guys should be quieter if you're not wanting to get caught. I heard you guys a bit far back. Need a place to stay? I have a place not too far from here, I was just out here setting some traps for the game out here. I have enough space for all of you. A few of you would need to take shifts to keep watch, though, if you're all good with that." The three who sat there looked at each other and nodded, they got up and walked over next to him, so keen to thank him and go on and on about how they'd pay him back and how they'd help start a small little community. But in reality, all of their promises fell on deaf ears, as Regal was sizing them up and pricing them up in his head. The fox for sure was going to make him money if he was still a virgin - it was a shame that he couldn't keep him for himself. It'd be nice to have a nice tight hole again for a change. The wolf walked up to Regal and sized him up, looking around, already a bit suspicious of the equine. "So you've been living out here all by yourself and getting by? Though it seems you are concerned that we were going to draw much attention, what is that? So conveniently you appeared as he was talking about this area being safe." The wolf said, pointing at the hyena.

"Your friend there is kinda right, it's not too often when a girl comes out here and hunts. Almost been caught a few times but that was because of stupid mistakes I made, but I was fortunate enough to get out of them and continue breathing. I keep up high in the trees, they're always looking down for us, not up." He hoped he sounded convincing, and it seems that he was. At least the lion and the hyena seemed to have been persuaded by his words and began walking towards him. "Why should we trust you? I don't care if you were out hunting for game, it still feels odd that you'd just make yourself known to us like you did." The wolf spouted out at the equine and looked at the rest of his party, "Am I the only one not convinced about his story? Let alone I barely trust any of you! You know I've come across some survivors that mentioned something about other guys like us hunting us for them? All wandering alone like this damn horse? So tell us, what's your name then. "Regal, Regal Drennen, any other questions did you want to ask? If you need some more info to trust me?" "Where were you at the start of all this?" He retorted back at Regal, seeing what his response would be and how genuine it sounded. "Phew...the start huh? Been a while since that day shit hit the fan. I used to live not too far from here. My wife and I were enjoying our anniversary, we invited a third over that night as we were kinky folk. Well, I was about to be next after our guest finished but her change started and took over. That poor horse didn't stand a chance, she was quick to take him and just use him. I used that time to make my escape. The small town was in chaos. I did get caught as I was about to make my way into the woods, but thankfully the poor cops got her attention and from there I made my escape, moved alone, and whatnot. Joined a few groups of survivors but they always end up getting into arguments or some debacle, or some idiot led them straight to us without realizing it. Ever since I've been alone. It's been a long while since I've seen others traveling around here." The wolf looked over to Regal, eyeing him up and down again to confirm his story. "Fine, take us to this place of yours, though you should know I'm going to keep my eye on you." "Let's get going then, we still have a long way to go." Regal led the group forward, however, the hyena seemed to be more interested in Regal than the others and walked with him, seeming to have a casual conversation. Though Regal seemed to move on to the next one in line, the lion, and so on until finally, he got to the back with the wolf. "So what was your name again?" Regal asked the wolf. "I never told you, and why should I?"

"Maybe because I should know your name so I can trust you? You already know my name and story, trust goes both ways you know." The wolf huffed, looked to the side, and sighed. "The day all this went down I was in the middle of the strip. My wife and I ran a club and though the club was a front for many other things, those seem tame compared to these days. She and I were having dinner when she began to feel strange and her growth kicked in. At the same time, the other girls I mistreated came after me and wanted me dead, though my wife, as strong, loving, and greedy as she was... The power didn't go into her head yet. She was still in her right mind and she fought off some of the girls giving me time to run off, I hid down in the sewers for a few days before making out to the wilds. I saw the collapse of the old city and watched the mega city being built to see it today." He paused for a moment, looked at the equine, and put out his hand "My name is John, happy?" Regal reached out and shook his hand, nodding, seeing the marker that signaled they were in position, the chase was to begin soon. The sounds of stepping and fallen trees snapping as the Umbreon and a few other girls started their approach they all looked to Regal wondering what to do. "Come on! We gotta go now! Follow me!" He sprinted off ahead of the pack, John right next to him as the poor fox, tripped and fell, "Help me! Don't leave me!" He was already a goner, having a leave no man behind policy was a recipe for death. Regal continued, weaving his way through the forest as he kneeled next to a trap door, opening it and urging them all to get inside. "Quick, get inside! We'll be safe. I have these scattered all over the forest for emergencies like this! We'll have room!" One by one each male slid into the hole, unknowingly to them it led straight into a cage. John was the last one to get close to the cage and stopped, looking over to Regal. "You first! If you don't we'll both get caught!" urging for him to go first, since he still didn't trust the equine, Regal hid his frustration and did what he had to do, he went down and surely the wolf followed right behind him. Only for John to land with a thud against cold hard steel and hear laughing around them. "Well looks like we managed to catch our new toys and our little traitor then this time" John looked around trying to figure out what was going on, seeing the cage around him, he couldn't help but feel stupid for being fooled into a trap. The large Umbreon approached them with a sinister smile. Looking directly at Regal

"Don't feel bad Regal, you did what you had to do even if it meant getting caught yourself. Good job, I already called the boss lady! She sounds pleased! She'll be meeting us outside however you're stuck in there until then~." Regal stayed quiet, even if his cover was blown it was obvious that he was the one that led them to their safety. He watch the other prisoners, making sure they didn't charge him, his back now turned towards John. "You fucking asshole! You fucking did this, didn't you?! This is why I don't fucking trust you! To believe that you had been out here this long?! You knew that fucking cage was there didn't you?!" Regal took the hit, feeling the punch across his face and looked at the wolf, and shook his head. "I'm doing what I had to do to survive." He looked at the rest of the group before looking back to John. "Look between you and me. I feel the caught have a much better opportunity to live a much better life, being fed with actual food rather than hunting for food. You can do what I do, and hunt other males out there and you get to live a semi-normal life. Think about it." John wasn't too happy about hearing that. He was sick to even hear about it, that males would be willing to hunt one another just to live a little better than them comparatively. Though it did sound better than the stories and images he'd seen in the past. It wasn't too long after that that the Umbreon and the two other girls that followed her came up to the cabin where Regal began his hunt. Entering inside they tipped the cage on its side, adding the fox who tripped earlier into it, and all together they waited. Finally, out of one of the rooms came out a tall, busty, and heavily endowed tigress. She wore a skin-tight red silk dress that glittered in the dim light. Her red and yellow fur blended nicely with it. Her wings spread open as she passed the door frame. She looked unamused but in reality, she was proud of her toy. "Regal" Her voice was firm and demanding as she took over the room with her presence, for her to call him by his name was something she didn't do unless she was truly proud of what he'd done. "It seems you caught a nice bunch this time, but that's not what I'm here for. I was told of something else. An item I lost long ago. John. Come." John's eyes widened, his heart sank and his entire body seemed to shut down. He knew that voice was familiar but there was no way he ever thought he'd ever see her again, let alone be near her. Though hearing her simple commands installed a bit of fear into him. Reminded of the days of old, harmless pet play and orders trying to spice up their relationship. His body like a

clock obeyed the command and stepped forwards to see that she'd grown at least standing well around fifteen feet. "Candy...you're...you're alive?" "Of course I am, I run this show now. Well, at least here. I'm in charge of this city, just keeping it the same the way we had it, running underground operations like in the past. Richer than ever too. Moony, take Regal and his choice of toy out of the cage, John is free to come out of the cage too but keep him close and do not let him go. I have so much to discuss and catch up about with him." "Candy! No, please! Candy, you can stop this! It doesn't need to be this way! Please! Just set me free I swear I'll never show my face here again!" The wolf pleaded for his life, one that was going to lead to either eternal servitude or a swift end right here. "Daw...still cute as ever, Moony followed her orders, opening the top of the cage and grabbing John with a firm grip, placing him into a bag, and handing it over to Candy who tied it to her waist where her musk seeped into the bag and invaded John's nose. The thoughts that ran through John's head were ones filled with heartbreak, seeing what the love of his life became and hoping this wasn't the end of it. "Regal, you did a good job, I feel maybe a second toy will be good for you, being another week away from you servicing me. Remember where you belong, toy" Regal nodded as Candy left the cabin. Whether the wolf was to survive was no longer his concern, though if he saw him again that would be interesting to hear how the once married couple made up for the lost time. Regal looked back over to the remaining five, he walked over to the hyena, grabbed him by the neck, and pulled him towards the door, where Moony grabbed the struggling hyena. Regal's next option was the fox. Didn't make the same connection he did with the hyena but it was what he wanted and since his mistress Candy didn't give him restrictions he took it. The fox too was dragged along and then given over to Moony to take care of, as the rest were going to be sent off to be modified for sale. Regal watched the remaining three be left behind as he, Moony, and his two new toys walked back to their base of operations. ---------------------------------------- Finally, Regal was alone with the stock of his toys, maybe his new captives would be added to the collection if they survived the night. Regal had his two new toys at his side, leashed and collared, with potions that would shrink them if he chose to make them smaller. He pulled them over to his large reclining chair with a blood and cum soaked trash bin beside it. Regal rested in the chair and made sure to hold their leashes tight.

"You know, the moment I saw your little group, I wanted the wolf more than either one of you, but I figured since you took a liking to me for some reason, I'd keep you around a bit longer. It's not often that I get to fuck a fox. Here's how this is going to work, you do as you are told and you'll get to live respectable lives under my care. If you want to misbehave, you'll be sold, probably to a girl who plans to kill you as soon as she impales you on her cock." The hyena was panicked, breathing heavily and looking around for something to get away but even if he could, Regal seemed to be that type of person to not let toys go so easily now that his friendly demeanor was gone. "Look! Wait, Regal, sir! Make me one of you, I'll go out and hunt others! I can do a good job with that!" Regal just smiled and tugged both of their leashes, pulling their heads against that thick green monster. "Oh that time has passed, I don't get to make those decisions, that bitch you saw earlier who took your wolf friend? She decides who hunts, and she could care less what I do to you. Now get to servicing your new master or I'll make sure to put you in the bargain bin~ maybe I'd need to make an example then." Tired of waiting for them to start doing anything he grabbed the hyena by the neck, raising him onto his lap, where his free hand was already raising his cock up, ready to lower the hyena down onto his tip. He looked down at the fox and gave him a sly grin "I hope this motivates you to follow my demands." He pushed the hyena down onto his tip, making sure the pressure was being felt and was it ever. The hyena squirmed and writhed in pain as the tip forced its way into him. his attempts to kick and punch doing nothing as Regal forced himself inside. It didn't take long for the hyena to go wide, begging and pleading with his one-time savior for leniency. "No, stop, stop, please stop! It hurts so, so much! You're way too big!" Regal ignored the pleas for mercy, pulling the hyena down more, inching past the first ring, causing him to slip inside further. A heavy, loud groan escaped from the stallion's lips as he gave the hyena a grin and started to force him up and down, though, at this point, blood was the only lube he was going to get. The hyena was slowly losing consciousness as the stallion's cock was getting deeper, a bulge slowly starting to form with each thrust in. Loud primal grunts escaped Regal as he increased his pace, groaning as he held his head back. The panicked squealing hyena was no concern to him, but his lust got the best of him as he thrust up too hard, squeezing the hyena's upper body and crushing a few of his ribs, puncturing a lung. The hyena started to cough, wheezing as blood started to fill up his lungs and slowly the squirming body just went lip in Regal's grasp, who only stopped thrusting after he took notice that the squirming stopped. With a sigh, he took the corpse and let him hang in the air before being tossed into the

trash can next to him. "Mmm, shame he didn't finish me off. Though I want you to drink this." He grabbed a vial from what he was given earlier, un-popping the cork for the fox. "Unless you want to end up like him, I suggest you do as you're told." The fox looked up, reached out, and took the vial, shakingly, then out of fear put it up to their lips, and tipped it back, downing it in one big gulp. Immediately the potion took into effect as the fox got smaller, shrinking down from his normal height of five foot five to about three feet. The leash shrunk down with him and Regal gave the leash a firm tug bringing the fox directly into the stallion's ball sack. The full day of running and being in the heat didn't help with its smell, sweat and sticky musk stained the fox's fur, practically marking him as Regal's property. "I've always wanted a fox as a pet~ Now I got one, and you'll be a good one for me if you behave properly. Think about rebelling against me, and the amount of pain and torture you'll be put through will have you begging to be killed. That won't be happening under any circumstance. That drink? It's an experimental elixir that keeps toys flexible and durable~ Now get to work cleaning the filth off of my sack, think of this as the only food you get today." Something clicked in the mind of the fox, pushing him to want to clean his balls, pressing himself against the stallion, he began to lick, one taste and the fox's mind was set, addicted. The potion had more hidden and unintended effects. Regal growled, feeling the fox accept his position so easily did a number for him, having been denied an orgasm with the hyena he was closer thanks to the fox. Jerking himself off and feeling the hands and tongue doing their job brought him to climax, ropes of hot stringy and stick cum flew up into the air as he groaned out nice and loud waking any of the toys that may have been asleep or may have gotten off to watch him abuse his latest captures. The cum came down on top of his balls, and chest, and some even reached his muzzle. Snapping his fingers the Doberman came in and approached Regal and didn't wait for an order to begin. "Both of you clean up this mess, I want this spotless by the time I wake up." He didn't wait for a confirmation from them, they'd have it done, and if they didn't, to the market they go. Regal got comfy and closed his eyes, before drifting off to sleep he grinned and muttered one last time. "This is why you betray your kind boys."
