With practiced movements Diana pulled the gloves from her hands and tossed them into the bin. They had kept the blood away, so her fur was only matted with sweat. She turned on the water in the sink and started scrubbing, not caring for her reflection in the mirror. The hedgehog had been a complicated case. Spine injuries usually were, but her quills had been an additional obstacle. She had pondered, whether to go from the belly and work her way around her inner organs to reach the necessary places. Clipping the quills had been the less invasive choice. It was less elegant, but when in doubt the needs of the patient came before the wishes of the surgeon. There was no prize for elegance, as much as it rankled her to stoop to the simpler method. In the end, her choice against her own sentiment had shortened the whole operation by a few hours. She removed the hairnet and splashed water into her face. For the first time since she had put her gear on, she felt her body consciously. The aches in her legs, her dry lips, her empty stomach and the pressure on her scalp. Nothing of that mattered compared to the result. She stepped back and stretched her arm out. She aligned her claws with their reflection in the mirror. As steady as ever. Predictable precision. As it should be. Her scrubs did not have the slightest drop of blood on them, but she discarded them anyways. They were not suitable for another operation by being in the same room as one. Additionally, she should be finished with operations for the day, unless another accident came up. She liked wearing casual clothes outside of the operating theatre, but patients expected white coats for some infuriating reason. Thus, the rule was to wear a lab coat, whenever she interacted with patients and dependants. She rolled her shoulders and opened the door to the public corridors of the hospital. The sun shone through the windows. It was morning again? How long had she been operating? Her eyes searched for a clock, but she was already rushed by a honey badger. She had the well-defined muscles of someone, who worked out regularly. She was built for explosive power. Her auricles were scarred and her nose had been broken multiple times. She was someone, who got into fights regularly. Her muscles were tense and her arteries pumped visibly: Symptoms of a high stress situation. "How is my mate? Will she get better? I have to see her" sentences shot out of her with a staccato not stopped by her taking time to breathe between questions. Ugh, dependants. Always ready to bring the well-ordered hospital routine into disarray. Diana sat down on a chair lining the white hallways. Her leg muscles relaxed the tension they had held since she had taken up the scalpel. "I finished operating. The only thing we can do for her now is not disturb her rest," she said with monotone voice, putting all the weariness of another missed night of sleep into her voice. The honey badger's eyelids opened further. "No." She sat down and slumped over. Why did she have to take the chair right next to Diana? There were so many other chairs in this hallway. "This is what you say to make the next part easier for me, isn't it?" the honey badger asked as tears were leaving her lacrimal gland. "I am not trying to make anything easier for you. I sutured the incisions and a nurse covered her with a blanket. As far as I am concerned, I am done with the whole case." One of the assistant doctors fresh from university would take care of the follow-up examination. If everything went well, she would not ask her for her counsel. "Is there nothing else you can do? Will you simply let her lie there like a piece of meat?" pleaded the honey badger. "I could do lots of things, but none would affect the chances of success in a meaningful positive way. Like I already said: I did what I could do. And the body is probably already removed from the operating theatre. The room will be cleaned and kept free for the next operation." She gulped and nodded. "Can I at least see her?" "You will have to wait. We mandate a five to ten hours of rest after an operation," Diana answered. "She is alive?" Her body language was unreadable for Diana, but she leaned even closer to her, invading her personal space further. "Why did you not tell me that earlier?" "I specified that I did what I could. It is not my fault, if you somehow translate this into her dying." The honey badger exploded into motion. Muscular arms wrapped themselves around Diana. Their sizable breasts pressed against each other. Before Diana could react, she was caught in a hug. This was even worse than both of them sitting next to each other. "Thank you, thank you, thank you so very much," her voice went up multiple octaves. One of Diana's hands went towards the pocket of her lab coat. This was getting worse and worse. Things like this were why she hated dealing with dependants. Her fingers closed around a plastic grip. Her thumb rested against the cap. She unclenched her paw forcibly. She was not in danger, reactions like this were normal for other people. It was a relief, when she was finally released. "Thank you so much. How can I ever repay you what you did for us?" "You cannot repay me. The hospital pays my wage. They will get paid in turn for your treatment, probably by your insurance. Depends somewhat, how she got her injury. Whether it was gross negligence or an accident." The honey badger laughed nervously. "Does doing it atop the cock of a mega macro count as gross negligence?" "Oh, sexual injuries of any kind have to be covered by all insurances. That was stated relatively early. The law itself is from 4 ATD. You won't even get a bill," Diana said as she extricated herself from the hug, stood up and walked off.

She had just managed to escape one dependant, when the next person approached her. She grasped Diana's paw in her hand and shook it wildly. "Thank you so very much for saving my sister!" Diana had no idea, who she was referring to. She had not operated on any axolotl. She would have surely remembered otherwise. "You are welcome?" "I know you get that a lot, but I wanted to thank you personally. To show you how much this means to me." She did not even know, when she could have operated on the sister. "I just did my job, it was nothing special. I did what everyone with my skills would have done." "It certainly was to me. Take this as a sign of my gratefulness." She handed her a flat cardboard box, embossed with golden letters. "I have to go. Thank you very much," Diana answered and hurried away. Was it too much to ask for a moment of rest after finishing an operation? Why did dependants always insist on talking with her personally? At least she was done for the day. She just had to check in with one of her junior doctors to make sure nothing new had come up since she had been awoken by the sound of her pager to operate on this complicated case. Tara was on the telephone, when Diana entered the office, the young doe shared with two other junior doctors. The computer tomograph had another outage and the supplier dragged their hooves with sending a service technician. She was not great with deciphering the motives of others, but her guess was that this was their reprisal for testing the tomograph by frying the last technician. Diana had scolded the involved personnel, but the tomograph company was at fault as well. Who sends an unsupervised toy around in this society? That had worked in the relative isolation of the campus at her former university, but here in the city centre with its greater anonymity people were more willing to take chances with toys they did not own. Tara looked up and wrapped the telephone call up. Diana examined her gift. The box looked expensive. She did not care for the company logo. The golden letters read 'Treats to live for'. Shrugging, she extended a claw from her paw and cut through the plastic foil. Flipping the lid open, she was greeted by the sight of kneeling chocolate figures. The growls of her stomach reminded her that she had skipped breakfast and, depending on what time it was currently, lunch as well. She popped one into her mouth and bit down. The chocolate cracked and splinters melted on her tongue. Underneath it, her fangs tore through flesh and broke bone. Inside the micro, she found a reservoir of fruit jam. The contrasting tastes danced with each other as she swirled the mass around the inside of her maw with her tongue. The packaging did not lie. Those were great. She ate another one and offered Tara the box. The doe picked a chocolate and held it close to her eyes. A finger touched its snout. She showed her teeth in a smile. "Amazing. It is still breathing. How did they manage to do that?" "I don't know." Diana lifted the box over her head and checked the best-before-date. It was fifteen days in the future. "The box was sealed airtight. Even if they are drugged up to their eyeballs with Sincorp's Mammalian Cyclic Rebreather they should not last that long. And then you would be able to taste the MCR in their bloodstream." Tara ate her treat, using the break to think. "You can taste MCR?" Diana shrugged her shoulders. "Sure. I was one of the paws running the independent clinical trials, when they had to renew the health safety tests. Sincorp always sends too much samples to butter up the examinators. I had surplus doses, a few toys nobody would miss and for once a calm afternoon. The chemical itself is tasteless, but the oxygen saturation changes the flavour of the blood. I would still recommend running the usual tests instead of licking wounds, though. It takes a while to learn to discern the differences." "Impressive." Tara grabbed another one and devoured it without hesitation. "Those are great." "You can have the box," Diana mumbled. Her thoughts were already occupied by something else. Something about Tara was off. Her body language was relaxed. Her neck muscles were usually tense, but today she could detect none of the familiar strain. She was distracted for a moment by the outline of another chocolate-covered and jam-packed toy getting swallowed by Tara. "How is it going? I was in the OT until right now," Diana asked. "Nothing extraordinary. The holidays are over, which means the vacation injuries are dwindling. Of course, since the children meet each other in school again, the parents get jumpy about their development." Tara sighed. "The entire wing is full with children with suspected Arete-syndrome." Diana pinched the bridge of her muzzle. "Arete-syndrome is no disease. There are no negative long-term effects. Why can they not simply listen to the experts?" "You know how parents can be. They find out that their child will not grow up in a way they perceive as normal and panic. They start asking themselves, if they did something wrong when raising them. You have to see the problem from their point of view." Diana thought back to her childhood. It had not been Arete-syndrome, but something more serious. Still, she knew the weight a parent's worries could put on someone's shoulders. The jaguar hissed, "I am quite familiar with the matter. I just want them to wait a few years until the whole problem resolves itself." Her paw crashed down, crushing one of the chocolate micros under it as well as one edge of the box. She breathed slowly and thoughtful. Centring herself, she brought the paw to her face and licked the squashed food off it. This was unprofessional. "I am sorry. I should not act like this. Please excuse this outburst. How are you dealing with the matter?" Tara scratched her head to Diana's wondering. Something was off. "I reassured the parents. The children are in the play area, probably playing video games. I have a few toys watching them. At the end of the day, I will tell the parents that we tested them." Diana nodded, "Depending how it goes, we might even be able to rule out Arete-syndrome for some of them. Well done." Tara beamed at the rare praise. She did not say anything, though. Diana pondered. "You act different today." Tara tapped her hoof against the floor, noticed it and stopped immediately. "What makes you think that?" Diana reached into her lab coat. She retrieved a small flashlight. Her other hand touched Tara's face, her fingers keeping her eyelids from each other. She shone the light directly into the doe's eye. The pupil constricted immediately. Normal reactions, which meant she was back to square one. Tara took a few moments to realise what had happened. "Did you just check whether I was under the influence of drugs?" "You showed all the other signs. Relaxed muscles, chipper attitude and general nervousness." "Duh, for the first time in years my neck does not hurt. How is your first reaction to check, whether I am on drugs? Who does that?" "It made sense. We are in a hospital so you have access to drugs. Everything else is not my problem, so of course, I check for that one first," Diana grumbled. Tara took another micro and put it into her mouth. She chewed exaggeratedly, biding her time. Once she finished, she opened the water bottle on her desk and drank. She screwed the water bottle shut and put it back on its place on the table, guiding it over her head in the process for some inexplicable reason. Diana decided to wait it out. That usually resolved things sooner or later, when people acted strange for no obvious reason. Tara put her hands flat onto the top of her head. "And you decided it was more likely that I take drugs than that I cut my antlers off and finally do not have to carry this weight around with me any longer." If she put it that way, it was kind of obvious. "I did not notice your new hornstyle. Congratulations." Tara shrugged her shoulders. "It was annoying to poke my colleagues in the face, when we bow over a patient. I liked the old style, but this one is more practical." "I know what you mean. The living jewellery craze a few years ago was so annoying. I tried going with the trend, but I always dissected my jewellery, when I got bored. And for some reason people were put off, when I inserted jewellery into cuts in my skin." She stood up. "I am going home. You can keep the rest of the pralines, but share with the others." "One last thing..." Tara said with a trailing voice. "Yes?" Diana dreaded what new problem would keep her from going to her bed. "There might be a file on the desk in your office. I had a patient with an extraordinarily complex case. The medical problem is clear, but the interpersonal one is another thing. They cannot accept the imminent loss." Diana rubbed her eyes. "I am a surgeon. I deal with broken bodies or organs that do not what they should. If you want to fix how people feel, ask someone else. A psychologist like Dr. Deirdre for example." "She stopped working here last month. She switched over to improving television advertisements." "Of course, she did. Who in this hospital does not choose to pursue a different career? What about Dr. Elizabeth?" "She suffered a mental breakdown." Diana stopped in her tracks. "I should have known that. Tells you how tired I am. Fine, I will take care of it. Just send her in in half an hour."

Diana did not go directly into her office. The water filled hoses hanging from the ceiling of the operating theatre allowed her to stay well hydrated, but this arrangement had the disadvantage of putting lots of pressure on her bladder, when an operation was prolonged. It was still much better than having to take a break while elbow deep in a patient, but it meant, she had to hurry along the hallways, searching for a familiar door. The tiled bathroom looked as always. There were the sinks at the entrance with large mirrors and always empty micro-dispensers. Some paws were so used to their own routines that they could not go unless a toy is watching. Of course, the dispensers were often misused by peckish paws and those that decided their underwear needed additional padding. There was one difference from yesterday, though. The urinal at the end of the line had been broken a few days ago. Instead of replacing it, the janitor had installed a toy. A wasel had been hung up in manacles, his privates connected to pipes vanishing in the wall. His eyes were closed and he was breathing steadily. His fur was wet from urine, where it had flowed out of his mouth and soiled his chest before staining the white tiled floor. Even from this distance, Diana could see haematoma under his skin. His right arm had been broken above his elbow and not set correctly. It was healing crooked. Scowling, Diana walked over to him. Pulling her smartphone out of her pocket, she scanned the ears for his chip. His records showed him as being part of the practice contingent of the medical students interning here. He was not toilet trained at all. The janitor had taken him out of the recycling bin and installed him without more than the most basic instructions. She had not even updated his status. Since the end of the practice operation there were only derogatory remarks about his performance as a toilet toy on his timeline. Diana tapped her phone, inserting a list of his injuries in the memory of his chip. She finished it with a note about corrections of the bone fracture. Happy with her work, she closed the app and put the phone away. Her paws grabbed his arm at both sides of the fracture. Without hesitation, she jerked them into different directions. The partly-healed fracture broke cleanly. Of course, the weasel woke up and tried his best to distract her from her work. She set the bone correctly, ignoring his protests. She had planned to keep it as is, but she found wooden spatulas inside her lab coat, which became improvised splints. "See, isn't this much better?" One of the rules for dealing with patients was to reassure them. Toys were not patients by definition, but she really wanted him to shut up. How could something this small make so much noise? Flicking his nose got his attention long enough for her to get a word in. "Stop your lamenting, I am trying to have a piss here." He clamped his mouth shut immediately. She scowled at him. There was a reason, why toys had to be trained before installed into a toilet. It was exactly to avoid problems like this. A talented paw could break them in with no problem, but Diana had other things to do. Additionally, her toys had a habit of not lasting very long. Their insides were so much more alluring than their outsides after all. "Are you going to be petulant with every person, who enters the room? Do you think it can accomplish anything?" She asked him. "You don't know what I went through. I was cut up without any anaesthetics by shaky hands. And then someone decides, I should become a toilet? Fuck that noise! I am not going to comply," the weasel seemed agitated for some reason. "Cry me a river. You will only manage to add some more stains to the floor. Why don't you see the futility of your actions?" Diana had trouble understand other paws, which were closer to her own situation, but this toy puzzled her. Not that it mattered, since it could not break its bindings anyway. "I don't care. I will spit and bite to the last breath." "Fine. Have it your way." If it fought, one would simply have to insert the cock deeper, so the urine would flow into its stomach independently of his actions. The threat of it biting a cock was negligible. Toys had insignificant bite strength compared to the firmness of the average soft cock. Of course, a deep insertion for long would block the oxygen supply. Diana could see the necessary alterations. A simple tracheotomy. Three cuts in its throat, folding two flaps of skin back and twelve stitches to ensure everything remained in place. Since it was already fixated, she could perform the operation in seven minutes with what she had in her pockets. It could breathe through the hole in its windpipe, while a cock blocked its mouth. But why should she bother? She only wanted to finish her last case for the day and return hope to catch up on missed sleep. And it would survive even shorter, if she cut open its throat. Not from medical complications, since she was sure in her ability to perform the operation cleanly. Another paw would see the hole in its throat and use the opportunity to flood its lungs directly with her piss. It would hack and cough, fighting to get rid of the foul liquid. The oxygen saturation of its blood would drop since there would be no way to replenish it. Then it would take twenty seconds to two minutes until it lost consciousness. The first damage of the brain would start to appear in this time. After five minutes it would be irreversible. But no paw would care to help it. Realising the pressure building in her bladder, she ripped herself out of her theoretical musings. It would not matter. Wordless, she parted her lab coat and unbuttoned her trousers. The thin fabric of her panties strained against her soft cock. She lacked the spines of other cats and for some reason her cock had grown circumcised. She was not the biggest gal she knew, but three feet of length were enough to rearrange organs from either end and what more would one need from their cock? The toy watched her cock as she slid her underwear down to her knees as well. They always did. Either in awe or terror. Some well-trained ones actually expressed infatuation, but Diana had never cared about shopping in that price segment. Why should she give a crap about the feelings of toys? With a sigh she released her muscles. The yellow stream built up slowly, before it splattered against white porcelain of the urinal right next to the toy. She had lots of pressure on the hose. Despite being built for paws up to twice her size, the pee level in the urinal was climbing steadily. The drain was struggling to take all that liquid away. The weasel had to stretch its neck to get a look at the inside of the bowl, but it watched with open fascination. At her chuckle, it looked up to flinch and avert its eyes from hers immediately. After minutes of continuous peeing, the stream finally died down. She pulled up her trousers without shaking and buttoned the lab coat up. After flushing, she turned and walked away, the toy already forgotten.

Upon entering her office, Diana let out a breath, she had not realised she had been holding. It had been a long day. Compared to the junior doctors, she had an office completely for herself. Tall bookshelves were filled with medical books. Physical books had been fallen somewhat out of favour, once the internet had been back to its PTD-state, but she liked them. There were some practical concerns like the bureau not being able to see what she researched or patients and dependants being more impressed by her flipping through pages than searching the web, but her personal reasons were the dominant ones. She simply preferred the haptic feeling of physical books over lights on a screen. She had always been a kinesthetic learner. The other free space on the walls was taken up by picture frames and posters. The posters were useful for having a visual shorthand to explain certain medical concepts. The picture frames were a personal enjoyment of hers. In them the bodies of toys were preserved by alcohol. They were in various states of dissection. Some had been flayed to show the networks of muscles underneath. Due to being easier to keep in that shape, most toys for sale were either chubby or lean. Having wanted a well-muscled toy as contrast to a skinny one had meant pumping one full of steroids and motivating it to train by herself. High amounts of protein had helped it make gains fast. Others had been stripped of the muscles as well to allow her visitors to gaze at their bones. Having a full set of all the different types of fracture had not been easy either. It had taken some experimentation to break the bones in the right way. She could have cheated by breaking the bones after the dissection, but then the fractures would have been less realistic. Laying open the inner organs had been easy in comparison. Overfeeding certain ones to get bigger stomachs and having livers swell up by huge doses of alcohol did not need that much attention. Her guests were always most impressed by the ones that were still alive. They were connected with tubes to machinery underneath their picture frames. Some replaced removed lungs, while others fed the toys and took care of their excretions. Other toys got nutrients pumped directly into their bloodstream. She had fond memories to creating those pictures. It had been a real challenge. She had taken a vacation, which she had spent completely at the hospital. An additional joy had been Elizabeth's breakdown during the same time. That talentless bitch had a patient die on her table. Diana usually had problems emphasising with others, but hearing her sob had been a real joy. Served her right for never refilling the coffee pot. As much fun as putting the toys on different measures of life-support had been, keeping them there was a struggle. They had to be regularly replaced. Even worse, the machinery keeping them alive made annoying sounds, which distracted her from her work. Turning it off to think in silence for a while only exacerbated the first problem of them dying and having to be replaced. She could remove them, but then people would ask questions. Maybe she could gift that white elephant of her own creation to someone she despised? It was a question for later. Rounding her table, she approached the circular head of the man catcher screwed to the wall. The removed long shaft hung next to it. The weapon had been already ancient when T-Day happened. It had been gathering dust in the university's archives until it got sorted out one day. Adhara had snatched it up and gifted it to Diana as a graduation gift. Diana had no use for it as a weapon, she was no huntress after all, so it now held her office toy. Both half-circular clamps were closed around the toy's throat, letting him hang in the air freely. She opened the mechanism and seated the mallard on her table. She had him for several months now. He was used to the whole process by now. He waited silently, massaging his throat to ease the pains from supporting his weight. She sat down in the chair. Despite the different height level of their seats, she could look over his head easily. Next to his scrawny feather-covered ass lied the file of her next patient. She opened it and flipped through the pages. "Huh, usually pets go straight to the vet instead of a people hospital like this one," she said out loud. The mallard put his hands in his lap and listened intently. "It is pregnant. With a future giantess even. This pushes it out of the pay-grade of a vet. And not even one of those fertility chips from Sincorp." She thumbed the pages until the very end. "Of course, just as expected. That explains nicely. Remember me to praise Tara for coming up with that conclusion on her own." The mallard did his best statue impression. "So why is this a problem for me? The parameters seem perfectly normal. Without the chip there won't be any additional elasticity of the pelvic bone, which means the child will have to work to get out of the womb." The mallard shuddered at the thought and ruffled his feathers. "Yes, that is not a clean solution, but it will be better for the development than having to perform a C-section early. Though, it will still be a premature birth after all. "Still, there should not be any major complications. Where is the problem?" She went back to the beginning. There the words 'Client has emotional bond with patient. Wants him to stay unharmed. The least amount of pain is specifically requested.' were written in Tara's handwriting. "Of course, always trouble with dependants. Sometimes, I wonder, how life would have been if I had taken up that offer from Green Branch." She closed the file. "You have been here for long enough. You probably get both her and the pet better than I do. Do you want to have this conversation with both of them?" The mallard croaked wordlessly. As a doctor she was sworn to professional secrecy. This part of her profession had survived T-Day, even if the Hyppolytic Oath had not. An office toy was a risk, no competent doctor could take. Therefore, Diana had removed his vocal cords on the first day, she had bought him. It had been a fun little operation. Now he served as a silent counsellor. For some reason, talking to him helped her order her thoughts. It was a technique from the days before T-Day, but she had no idea who the people had talked then to. They had no toys after all. "I don't know, why I even bother talking with you, if you never answer. You will be more useful under the table than above it." She opened her trousers with one hand, while the other grabbed him around his throat. Pushing the panties down without standing up from her seat was more difficult than handling the toy. It was not just the size difference. Toys were built more delicately than paws. It was in the genes. Even with a protein-rich cum-only diet and an externally motivated training regimen, they built muscle density much slower than a paw with only some light jogging. Even the baseline without any training was much lower. It was weird to think that toys and paws had belonged to the same species before T-Day. Diana sat the mallard down in her lap. Putting her paw on the back of his head, she pushed him down, only he was underneath the table completely. The toy bent without any protest. Diana ran her claws through his plumage, ruffling feathers, but not drawing blood. He was such an obedient toy. She rubbed his belly along her soft cock. His feathers tickled the only part of her that was not covered in fur. She applied more pressure until he exhaled forcibly. The tickling became a rubbing. Her paw pressed down harder as her cock rose to attention. Sandwiched between both, the toy could not breathe in. Knowing struggling would not help him, he took initiative and stimulated her with his limbs. Wings, hand and clawed feet, he used everything to get her hard before his air ran out. Every ounce of blood that was pumped into her cock only increased the pressure. The only sound he heard was the pulse beating in her cock. His eyes rolled upwards, showing the whites to any observer who would have cared. While the toy struggled to not have drawn his last breath, Diana used her other hand to align a pencil on the table so it was parallel with the table edge. A wetness on her member got her attention. The mallard had actually come from the rough treatment. It had not been more than seconds, but that was enough to make him trickle his load. Giving him a short reprieve, she spread his cum over her cock. It only resulted in a thin film over the large surface of her bitch breaker, but that was going to be his problem not hers. She lined her cock up with his asshole. It was currently blocked by a knotted dildo. She grabbed the sextoy and wriggled it inside his bowels. He responded to her efforts with a low moan. She pulled the toy out slowly. First was the fist-sized knot, his fist size not hers. Then came the two feet of rigid plastic. It was a small dildo, but she just wanted to keep him from leaking not make him feel good. She grabbed the base of the dildo in her fist. She dragged her tongue along its length, savouring the taste the toy would have to endure for the next few hours. The smooth texture of plastic combined with an earthy flavour. Diana brought the dildo to his beak. Despite his training, he refused to open his mouth. Perfect, she liked it when they struggled. Without further ado, she rammed her cock into his asshole. Even pre-stretched by the dildo, he was tight. His inner walls trembled against her ramrod as he fought to keep his sphincter muscles relaxed. He failed, which meant she could enjoy smashing through that resistance with brutal force. Every action elicited a reaction. In this case, his lung was compacted rather forcefully and he breathed out in a long rasping gasp. Having expected such, she rammed the dildo into his beak. After burying the knot in his mouth, he could no longer remove it on her own. Happy with her results, she grabbed his hips and moved him along her cock. With stimulation like this the coming conversation would be much more bearable.

She had not even had her first orgasm, when the patient and the dependant entered. She was a towering gecko, having multiple feet on Diana. Despite her size, she seemed to fill out less room than she should. Her steps were slow and measured as if the ground was littered with glass shards. She was dressed in a sky-blue dress on her green scales. In her momentous cleavage, a wooden pendant hung from her neck. The wagon wheel with holly branches wound around it made it clear that she was a Prima worshipper. She surveyed the room, flinching when one of the still living toys in the picture frames moved. Finally, her gaze settled on Diana. Next to her paw walked a mouse toy. It craned its neck upwards to take the room in as well. It actually seemed more relaxed than the gecko. The giantess helped her toy up on a chair before taking a seat herself. It could barely peer over the edge of the desk, but Diana would not talk with it anyways. Realising that she has already forgotten the name of the woman, Diana took control of the conversation. "Nice to meet you. You are here, since your toy is pregnant. Which came quite surprising for you." "Yes. I did not even get little Pascal a fertility chip. We only found it out, since we are here for check-ups every week. The little rascal is so fragile. Today he had a worrying cough and the doctors were so nice to run the full bouquet of diagnostics." The gecko beamed. "They were so nice." "Yes, it was certainly great of them to go through the full suite of diagnostics." Diana responded. She could have been spared this ordeal, if Tara had been less throughout. Listening to it breathe through a stethoscope would have been enough. Maybe a lung function test to assuage this hypochondriac that her toy was alright. If they could somehow find a machine that would fit its size. "And there you figured out that it was in the early stages of pregnancy?" she iterated facts that were already in the file. Others had the habit to communicate in ways that lead to them being mistaken. "Exactly, he did not even have a fertility chip, so we were as surprised than you are. An immaculate conception, can you believe that?" She touched her pendant. "Prima must have blessed the cum, I pumped into him daily. It is a miracle." "Actually, there is a perfectly reasonable scientific explanation for this. The fertility chip changes its wearer on the genetical level. Usually, those do not get passed down, but with the number of toys birthed every day to keep up with demand, this is bound to happen sooner or later. Especially, if the toy is from a long line of breeding bitches. Of course, every toy coming from a farm stems from such a line as the breeding bitches birth the next generation that will replace them. Therefore, some changes in the characteristics of species appear during the generations of toys. Usually, the deviants are culled, but you seem to have been unlucky." The gecko stared blankly at Diana during the explanation. "Culled? Why would I get rid of my perfect little rascal?" "Since it is your property that is your choice alone. Or was, before it got pregnant with a giantess. The pregnancy will be taxing on its body. You will have to make sure it gets the right nutrients." "I already do so. Aside from all the cum he could ever want, I feed him fruits and vegetables. I even make sure he eats his micros. He dislikes the taste of them, but they help him grow tall and strong." She petted it between its ears. It made a face Diana could not interpret. It was either objecting to the pets or cringing at the memory of eating micros. Toys would always be a mystery to her. "Perfect. I will give you a brochure, just in case you have questions." She handed the pamphlet over, while searching for another one. "Here is how this will proceed. With the nutrition taken care of, the baby will grow rapidly. The toy's belly will look, like it just had an intense fucking session after it, but this is perfectly normal. It will stretch further and further, until the skin tears. At this point you should come to the hospital so the baby can get delivered in a sterile environment. As its body gives out, before the pregnancy has been carried to term, the baby will be born prematurely, but she will get the best care available. We have a well-equipped maternity ward. Sadly, your toy will no longer remain functional afterwards." "What does that mean?" "The procedure will be fatal for it. You will be reimbursed the price at which you bought it from a fund for cases of hardship." "That is terrible!" the gecko burst out, while the bunny tried to shrink into his chair. "There is research that male role models are beneficial for the development of young paws, but do not worry. She will turn out fine." Diana tried to placate her patient. "I don't care about the child. I cannot lose Pascal." Diana fought the urge to roll her eyes. There was the attachment to the toy, she had read about in the file. Why could people not simply be rational? "Can we not make him stretchy? There are ways to make toys handle the largest insertions after all." Diana shook her head. "The biochemistry of a developing organism is extremely delicate. Common flexibility enhancers would damage the baby in the womb. There is a reason the fertility chips have to rewrite the father's DNA nearly completely. The gecko blinked multiple times in succession. She breathed in an out three times, before saying anything. "What about an abortion?" Diana really did not want to get into this topic. Maybe there was an easy way to nip this line of thinking in the bud. "Your religion allows abortions?" She nodded, her hand at her pendant. "Goddess Prima is hands-off regarding our conduct. She does not talk to us often. She usually just walks by, when we come to praise her." "Great for you," Diana said without much enthusiasm. So much for taking the shortcut. "The law is clear about this. The life of a paw is of greater consideration than the lives of any number of toys. Therefore, any abortion of a paw to save the life of the father is illegal." Diana stood up and walked towards one of the picture frames. She flipped a switch and the life support systems were shut off. Inside the picture frames, toys struggled for breath as their oxygen supply was cut off. Others only lost the support of the dialysis machines that replaced their livers. They could survive for a few days like this, but the panicked struggles of the toys next to them made them act erratically. "Of course, none of the protections would apply, if the child were a toy. Nobody cares about toys. Their lives have no special protections. If your ..." Diana strained to remember the name. "... Paul were pregnant with a toy you could scrape its womb out with your cock and nobody would care." Diana turned the machines on again and went back to her seat. "Is there any other way to keep my Pascal alive and not break the law?" the gecko asked, her voice breaking. Diana sighed. "It is not only a problem of the law. We simply do not have the experience to deal with those cases. Usually, the survival of the father is only of minor importance to the mother. There is not enough research in this direction since nobody cares. It is not a problem doctors have on their operating table often enough. Your only choice would be to check in the wilderness. There might be toy doctors that had to deal with this sort of thing." "Isn't the wilderness dangerous?" Diana reached under the table and pressed the mallard's throat like a stress ball. "Of course, it is. You search someone to achieve what is commonly believed to be impossible. There is always a cost." "How would I even find a toy doctor? I have never been out there?" This was not getting anywhere. Right now, Diana would be happy, if the gecko and her Pedro would just leave her office. "Since there is no other way to get rid of you, I will give you a choice. She pulled a business card out of a drawer. "I will write two numbers on this card. The first one is for the Bureau of Order, Law enforcement and Domination. You can call them and tell them of your problem. Your situation is rare and you play the concerned spouse well. Maybe they can use you for an undercover operation. You might get a contact with a toy underground organisation, probably a toy of some sort. Then they use you as a double agent. You do a few tasks for the toys, you travel to the wilderness and let a doctor of them look at it. Then you betray their position, the good gals roll in and capture everyone. Mission accomplished, you walk off into the sunset with your toy and baby and everything is legal." "I don't think I could do that." Diana sighed again. "I figured. The other number is an old contact of mine. I am not saying she is involved in toy rights, but she was investigated multiple times under the suspicion that she had sympathies for toys. It might be worth a shot, if you are unwilling to take any of the others that are open to you." The gecko took the business card. "Thank you so much." She got up and left, her toy following next to her. Diana slumped in her chair. She would use the mallard to rub one out and go home. And if anyone else thought about bothering her today, she would bludgeon them with the cum filled toy. --- It had been a few days since Diana had to deal with the abortion problem. She had caught up on sleep and today was reserved for paperwork. It was not as fun as operating, but had the advantage of not having to deal with people. And even if it was boring, she was able to make her own fun. She reached down to her crotch, where her toy mallard was speared upon her cock. With a sharp tug she pulled out a feather. The corresponding wave of muscle spasms brought her closer to the edge. They had been at this for hours. Whenever he slowed down in his movements along her cock or she felt like writing with a fresh feather, she would pluck another one. It messed with the exactness of her handwriting, but nobody would read those forms anyways. She was thinking about what to eat for lunch, when the door opened. The bunny had not even bothered with knocking, she simply stepped in. Like Diana, she was a couple inches short of ten feet, if one discounted the ears that were showing through the holes in her black hat. She wore a trench coat that went down to her knees. Her fur was grey and there was a blue streak in her hair. She walked slowly and dragged the right foot. Her left shoulder showed signs of a broken bone that had healed wrong. Probably bullet wounds from toys that had gotten lucky. Guessing her years was difficult with the way paws stopped aging soon after puberty was completed. The best method was usually to look at the attrition of the teeth, but that needed a closer look than Diana had currently. Behind her outside the door, Diana could see another bunny waiting and making sure, they would not be disturbed. The bunny walked up to her desk and stood there without taking note of the chairs next to her. She did not give the bookcases or picture frames more than a cursory glance. "Doctor Diana, I presume?" She had an idea, where this would be going and she would have none of it. She swivelled on her chair and placed her feet on the desk. Since she wore no pants, as she had not expected visitors, the bunny had an unobstructed view of the mallard. His stomach showed an oblong outline, which left no question that she had impaled him on her fat cock. "Yo, floppy ears. What's up?" The bunny paused for a moment, before answering. "I am special agent Blair from BOLD. We have information..." "Huh, are last names back in fashion? That one is a lot less impressive, when I know you picked it yourself," Diana interrupted her. "As I was saying, we have information that places you under suspicion of being part of a rebellious organisation as well as charges due to not upholding common decency in the treatment of toys." Diana shrugged her shoulders. As she was not sure how good the agent was at deciphering body language, she exaggerated the movement by a lot. "Depending on the severity of your transgressions, you face a multi-year prison sentence or maybe even public execution." "Aw, shucks. Why don't you tell me, what you think I have done? Mistreatment of toys does not seem like me." Diana plucked another feather from the mallard and pressed the tip of the shaft against his throat until she drew blood. She removed the feather and drops of blood fell from it upon her paperwork, staining it red. "I never felt like I was too soft on them." "You are accused of recruiting for terrorist organisations as well as medical malpractice." Blair put her hands on the desk and leaned forward, fixing Diana's eyes with her own gaze. "Those are lots of paragraphs, but I have no idea what I am actually supposed to have done. Why don't you tell me or I will have to resort to calling my lawyer?" Diana lifted the handset of the antique telephone on her desk. Blair slammed her paw on Diana's. "Three days ago, a certain paw entered your office with a pregnant toy. You told her, the only way to save it was to work with rebels in the wilderness." Diana glared back. Anger was seething inside her. How could she come into her office and level those terrible accusations? It did not matter that they were true from a certain point of view. What annoyed her was that she had the gall to challenge her. Diana was not the best at psychology, but every paw worth their dominant position responded in the same way to that. "I told her to speak with the Bureau of Order, Law enforcement and Domination. You know, you gals." Blair stared back. "But for some reason, she called a completely different number." She reached into her pocket and tossed Diana a business card. It had the formatting of the hospital and her own name on the front. At the back were two different numbers, written in her own handwriting. "You got me there. I did not expect you to tap that landline." Blair laughed dryly. "We did not. The paw called this number and someone, who had no care for toy rights picked up. She informed us immediately." "But how, this is Adhara's number?" Diana insisted, her confidence cracking. "When was the last time you talked to her?" "A few years, I don't see how this could be relevant." "It never crossed your mind that she could change her telephone number?" "Don't be silly, people don't change their phone numbers for no reason. She is exactly where she wants to be. In academia." Blair showed her teeth in a smile that would have made a sabre-toothed tiger proud. "But she moved to another building. And unlike you, who somehow managed to take her phone number from university to this completely different hospital, she got a new phone." "She sold out to the corporations? Took an industry job? Damn, I would have never thought that of her." Diana deflated a little as part of her worldview shattered. "She actually got tenure. She now has her own institute." "For real? Who would have thought that? I have to gratulate her," Diana exclaimed excitedly. Blair snorted like a bull preparing to charge. "You can write her a letter from prison. Because that is, where you will end up, if you don't start talking." "I had a patient, who could not deal with losing their toy. I did not care for it, but she did to a great degree. I tried to tell her how the law works, but she would neither listen nor leave. What was I supposed to do, throw her out bodily? She was a cocklength taller than me." "You could have told her not to collaborate with enemies of the political order." Diana plucked another feather and broke it in her paw for emphasis. "I could have, but I am a surgeon. I don't care for the Hyppolytic Oath or patient reviews. What I do care about, is doing my job right. When a patient or an annoying dependant walks through this door, I do my very best to give them the optimal advice and treatment despite their behaviour. Being ethical is less important that solving the problem, they have." "So, you would go to prison for your pride?" "Don't be ridiculous," Diana answered. "I would do a lot for the pride in my profession, but you are in no position to do anything to me. Watch closely." Diana turned the telephone in a way that allowed Blair to see the display. She lifted the handpiece and put it onto the table. Slowly, she dialled a number. Blair's eyes grew wide as she realised, who she was calling. "You cannot be serious." The phone indicated that it rang at the other end of the line. It rang once, then twice. After the third time, someone picked it up. Blair lifted the handpiece to her ear and listened. "Yes, this is Special Agent Blair from BOLD. Yes, ma'am. No, ma'am. Yes, ma'am, I understand. Thank you very much." She put the phone down, her voice still shaking from the conversation. "How did you do that? Why does the director herself vouch for you?" Diana allowed herself a wide grin. "Sometimes agents get hurt. Out there in the wilderness or even here in the city. Unless they want to trust the butcher, who runs the interrogation department at the bureau, they have to come to come to one of the three competent surgeons in the city. They could go to any other doctor, but I am proud to say I am the best when it comes to the fun complicated cases." "And just like that you can tell people to seek help in the wilderness?" "Every agent gets hurt at some point in their career, unless they are a coward. It helps that I don't care for politics. I just want to cut open toys and mend paws." Blair shook her head. "And they trust you, when you say that?" "You might have realised that I am not that great at deception. So, what will it be? Are you going to turn tail and let me do my job?" "I guess so." She turned towards the door. "This is not the last time, you have seen me." "If you ever want someone competent look at that shoulder and ankle of yours, give me a call. Maybe then they will no longer let you chase down dead ends, but put you back towards real field work," Diana called after her.
