# A wizards hubris

“Finally. I have all the materials necessary…” Said the high pitched yet soft voice of a kobold.   
Who is this kobold? It is none other than the great wizard Zandy. Renown for having survived the Tomb of Annihilation and being an expert on the study of Illithids and their colonies. A nearby magical mirror shows his form of a short kobold. He was never a tall kobold. A short two feet tall with a few inches to add. Wearing his usual blue robes with his wizarding hat that had a chrono fetish hanging off of it. The robes extended down to his very ankles. His form is by kobold standards rather unusual. He possesses a pair of great hips, round and perfectly curved. His thighs push through his thin brown cloth pants, doing a terrible job at hiding his innate feminine shape. His long tail with the magic clock attached to it is waving in excitement behind him.

 His own halberd staff standing in the corner. A very unique Item gifted to him by a baldurian artificer. But it didn’t stop him from utilizing his intellect as well as his incredible magical prowess over time. His golden scales have gifted him with some kind of natural affinity for it. His Chronomancy has become a great talk among the nobles of Baldur's Gate. It has garnered him the prestige necessary to commission a grand wizards tower. The tower is an imposing and mighty construction with multiple floors that accommodate living space, a kitchen, a magic laboratory, and a couple of guest rooms.

Within this tower Zandy has conducted plenty of magical experiments to make use of not just his time travel but his plenty of other spells and magic rituals. One such ritual he has been looking into is dimensional travel. A way to experience the multiverse from the comfort of his wizard tower. He had collected all the materials necessary to open the portal. His confidence is at an all time high. Being an archwizard in one specific area of study really inflates your ego. There is no way in Zandy's mind that he could fail at maintaining a dimension tunnel across the multiverse.

He has procured the necessary materials, the circle has been drawn and the incantation within his book is bookmarked and ready to go. “This is going to be a breakthrough in my research. Maybe if I combine the time tunnel with the dimensional tunnel I could find a way back to the original Illithid empire… It would take my archaeological studies to a new height\!” He sounded so excited that he even let out an adorable high pitched yip yap sound. He stepped back and forth between his rows of books and the ingredients within the bowl to make sure he had all the necessary materials. Passing by his most prized possession in his Illithid collection. A dried up tentacle of an Ilithid fashioned into a lucky charm necklace he can wear around his neck. 

The ritual requires an incantation circle that collects the weave and forces it into a tear within realspace. The ingredients necessary to weaken the bridge of reality have been amassed. One important detail that Zandy neglected to worry about however is the fact that this tunnel requires the chaotic strength of wild magic. Unpredictable in nature and uncontrollable by anyone. Well so Zandy has read, in his mastery of the arcane he is sure that he can control it for this spell. The ego of a kobold can be a dangerous thing. 

“One last check.. I got rations. I got my spell book.. “ he grabbed his staff “My staff.” It sparked to life with magic power through the crystal in the golden Halberd “I got my watch… yeah I think I am ready.” He said walking over to the glowing circle. The magic within it brimming and making itself known with a spark in the air. Zandy stabbed his staff into the floor. Causing the magic within the circle to react. He adjusted his glasses quickly and looked at the circle and began to speak the incantation. The glow in his golden eyes intensified with the magic pouring into him. His voice distorted as he called to the arcane powers beyond the weave. His staff acting as a catalyst as a great purple ball of energy and magic began to form atop the crystal. Charging up and fusing with the light dim blue glow of the magic circle. A fog-like manifestation rose from the circle and fused with Zandys staff.  When the magic reached its pinnacle did Zandy almost stumble as he had problems controlling this incredible magic force. Then with a quick SWIPE of his staff in the air does he cut into the air like he would strike down a foe. A small purple-blueish tear in the middle of the circle appeared. The swipe unleashed with a loud THUMP noise as it bore into the very veil of reality. 

A short few crackles of magic energies flew out and crackled through the air purple and blue lightning zapped things around. The tower started to shake. Zandy looked at the portal that was forming. It appeared somewhat.. unstable? He took a few steps back. “Wait.. something's not right. It's not stable..” he checked the book “It's supposed to-” he couldn’t finish the word before a lightning zapped forth from the cut in reality and burnt his book to ashes.

“BY THE NINE HELLS\!” He called out. “ITS VOLATILE\!” he cried out in a bit of a panic. Casting a quick shield spell to repel one of the lightning blasts. The lightning from the portal jumps and arcs across the room. Hitting various shelves, incinerating the objects within his priced collection. He quickly moved to block any lightning that zapped forth. The portal started to swell in size and girth which worried Zandy greately. "Dammit I cannot let it grow too big\! It could swallow Baldur’s gate.. I gotta do \-” he couldn’t finish his sentence as 3 more lightning bolts went for him. Hitting him straight in the chest and making him topple over. Causing him to cry out in pain. “AGH\!” The magic volt hitting him caused him to thrash about in erratic and spastic movements. Just as he thought another lightning would hit him, the energies retreated into the portal and everything went quiet for a moment. Painfully grunting did Zandy slowly get back up from his very unpleasant massage. The portal seemed stable for a moment before he felt a strong breeze of wind. Confused since he had no windows in his tower he looked about and saw things moving towards the portal. It lets out a painful sounding screech as the portal collapses in on itself to become a vortex. Zandy quickly tried to claw himself to the ground to not be sucked in. But his kobold feet weren’t strong enough and the vortex grew in size and strength. A mighty gust of wind pulled his podium out of its place and hit zandy in the face\! “OOF\!” He yelped in pain causing him to lose his footing “NO NO NO NO MY STAFF NO\!” He cried out and tried to reach for his staff. 

It was too late. He couldn’t focus a magic hand as he was spun in mid-air. Making him lose his orientation and with a final BLIP did he go through the vortex. The arcane fluxes around him with the colors and the twisted looking dimensions hurt his eyes. He tried to focus on a coherent vision but the noises around him\! It was becoming too much and he held onto his throat as the interdimensional tunnel provided him with no air. He was suffocating. His last thoughts diminished as he couldn’t focus on getting any kind of spell out. And then everything went black. 

# A strange new world

The time passed for Zandy. he isn’t sure where he appeared or when he was. Even with his incredible sense of time, he could not discern how much time had passed since he got knocked out. All he knew is that he awakened in some kind of crater that still had some burnt marks here and there from the high intensity with which he teleported into this world. He held his head as he regained his sight. His ears finally stopped ringing and he could finally breathe in some air. The air around this place however was not as clean or fresh as it was back in Baldur’s Gate. He looked around unsure of where he landed. There were giant buildings made of stone and metal by the looks of it… No roofs made of straw. No pathways made of cobblestone. But rather fully plastered. Strange black road like constructions lined up in a perfect square pattern. Weird multi-coloured signs blinked at him in a language he had never seen before. 

Then there were these poles everywhere. They burnt with a bright light that was far brighter then any oil lamp Zandy had ever seen. And some very strange metal carriages from the looks of it. Carriages that required no horse to draw, but the sound of a demon clearly coming from it. He was in a strange new land, a land for which he had no references to pull from. He let out a defeated sigh. The loss of his staff only made him further sink into despair as it is his magic focus and his only means of defense. He tries to concentrate on the weave. A simple magic spell oughta bring him home. He threw out his hand to cast the return spell but to his surprise… nothing happened.

“What..” he spoke in disbelief. He tried it again. And again. And again\! His spell is not reacting in any way\! For that matter he now realized that he felt deaf. Like.. Something has been taken from him. And that's when it hit him. This world is a deadzone. A zone with no magic in it\! The weave is not here\! “oh no.” he said as he started to panic. His heart was racing. A fate for a wizard worse than death. Stuck in a world with no magic. “This can’t be happening.. No no no this is a bad dream im still swirling through the portal. This is not good, not good at all\!” he said, holding his hat as he is feeling incredibly scared. He didn’t realize that he was being watched.

The stranger took a jog through the city when they heard the commotion in an alleyway. With a confused yap did the stranger make themselves known which of course scared Zandy for a moment. A purple kobold\! Oh thank the gods there is still some normality… But a kobold? In a world with no magic… Does this mean he is still in his world? Did he travel to the future where magic was no longer needed or no longer worked? He tilted his head at the purple and surprisingly tall kobold.. She was roughly a foot or two taller than him and through her black hoodie he could spot slight hints of muscles. She was a strong kobold, possibly a barbarian by the looks of it. But her clothes were so strange. Clothes he had never seen before. They weren’t ordinary robes or shirts. She was wearing some strange blue pants that looked sturdy but were torn by the kneecaps. Is that a design choice?  Her eyes were strangely hypnotic. Piercing through the night with an acid like green gleam to it covered by a pair of round glasses. Just like his own. He felt strangely comforted by her presence. Some normality in a world where there is none.

The purple kobold just looked at Zandy, the golden kobold approaching her. “Hello there Miss.” He said in a rather sheepish tone. Looking at the difference between them his calculations may have been off as she is seemingly 2 heads taller than him..And her muscles were a lot bigger on close up. Actually.. These muscles were ridiculously big on a Kobold. Her already taller height only further accentuated the absolute mass she is carrying. Her muscles are huge and veiny. Big bulging biceps, thick abs that tried to rip through her shirt. Her back showing these strong back muscles off with great detail. Her hoodie almost threatened to be swallowed by the crevices of her muscles. Zandy was in absolute awe at the sight of this musclehead. Her size was immense in every way. And even down between her legs he could make out a strange and ominous ball shape. Zandy took a whole moment to really process the sight in front of him and shook his head ever so lightly. Much to the amusement of the big purple kobold.

The purple kobold is a good and kindhearted simpleton of a girl with the sweet name Deela. She is a local gym head and well versed in the art of muscles and stamina. She always was a goodhearted kind girl who tried her best despite her simple ways. But today her intelligence as well as social skills are being tested… for in front of her is a golden Kobold much smaller and weaker looking who popped out of a bubble that appeared in mid air and burnt the alleyway and pathway into nothingness. And now he was speaking to her in a language she couldn’t hope to understand aside from the occasional yip yap sound she picked up. She had no idea who this kobold was or what he was trying to say.

Zandy kept trying to communicate. In multiple languages even and he is thankful to the gods again that this Purple kobold is being so patient with him. He at least thought to introduce himself,  “Zandy. I. Am. Zandy.” he spoke to her as clearly as he could. Deela seemed to pick up on that and gave him a gentle and sweet smile. “Deela.” She replied. What a nice name Zandy thought. It sounded sweet and short. Although he isn’t sure if this is really her name or her just replying in that strange language he sees everywhere. 

Zandy and Deela had no way of talking. The language barrier was too strong. But Deela still took the patience and stayed with Zandy. She saw that he was visibly in a bit of a state right now. He was confused and babbled and talked in a strange way. At Least they could communicate in yip yaps. The universal language of kobolds, Kurtulmak be praised. 

Meanwhile Zandy got to learn a few words at least. She was pointing at things and repeatedly said a single word. That way he knew that those metal carriages are called cars. And the oil posts are actual lamps. It's strange as he doesn’t see any lamps hanging off the posts but the light seemed to come from a see through surface. The two spent a good few minutes together trying their best to converse. Communication between the two of course was kept mostly simple. Considering Zandy came from a fantasy realm of magic, dragons and werewolves. Whereas Deelas background was more mundane. Being a simple kobold female in this world with a tangent to workout. The two continued however to spend some time together. The evening was young after all. So Deela took Zandy on a little walk. Her hand grasped his and he flinched at her hard grasp. His hand was so soft which Deela of course noticed. She made sure to grasp his hand a bit more gently. And then starts to pull him away from the alleyway. 

The night was calm and the local park was beautifully lit by dim and gentle lamplight that reflected in the clear water lake and river flowing with a bridge over it connecting the central part to the outer part. Zandy was amazed. He took it all in. The sights, sounds and smells of the area. It is a bit difficult keeping up with Deela. Her massive figure made each step just double as far as Zandy. He had no chance of keeping up and Deela, again, noticed this. Her confused gaze is something Zandy didn’t expect. Did she not understand the significant difference in physical bodies they have? She suddenly fully turned towards him and approached him and he quickly flinched as she lifted both arms. Only to then carefully lift him up. She held him just like that.. Even to her surprise Zandy weighed so little that she barely felt it. If she wasn’t careful she may accidentally launch him in the air. 

But now with Zandy safely in her arms does she move much quicker. Because she had a hungry look on her. A drool came down her lips and Zandy finally understood why. Or rather had a slight hint. She walked towards a food vendor who kept his stand open 24/7. And it was full of Hot dogs. The smell was outlandish to Zandy. It smelled unlike anything he ever smelled\! And he wanted to try it now. So it seems Deela would too\! She took him to the vendor and gently put Zandy down and gave him an almost motherly pat on the head as she reached into her pocket and pulled out a comically small wallet. Zandy took a close look at what kind of currency she is about to pull out. He barely has any money left seeing as he was torn from his world. Only a few platinum pieces. But Deela has had him covered as she hands the vendor some strange looking paper bits. Which the vendor took and then prepared 2 hotdogs. 

Zandy got his and carefully examined it. The heat it exhumed felt almost like a fire spell in his hands but with a delicious smell. Once he figures out a way to return home he will be sure to try and replicate this. He watched Deela just drown this hotdog in some kind of Red liquid.. is it blood? No it smelled like tomatoes but it was very off… She handed it to him and he took a close inspecting look. Yeah this isn’t blood but some kind of condensed... tomato? He shrugged it off and put it on his Hotdog. Then finally he took his bite and it was the greatest taste he ever tasted in his life. The processed meat and the bun, the cucumbers and the roasted onions on top. All things his taste buds never had a chance to taste\! The sweet yet spicy red ketchup only further tickled his taste buds. The big Kobold noticed Zandy's absolute amazement at the taste. And she had a cute giggle and patted his head again softly. 

The two then slowly make their way back to the alleyway. Albeit Zandy had no idea where to go from there really. The city had a lot to offer but he didn’t understand a word anyone was saying and even with Deela he only had so much success communicating. But as it stands she is the closest thing he can call a friend. Perhaps… he could stay with her actually? He didn’t want to impose on her. But she also never stopped looking at him, it's like she was mesmerized by his figure. And his golden shine. He probably looks like a coin to her. A shiny glinty coin. 

Just as Zandy was about to question it, did he suddenly sniff something in the air.. a strange pink gas? Sirens in the distance? Loud blaring horns.. And.. sounds of screams? Zandy looked around as did Deela who took a bit of a protective stance in front of Zandy. There was a loud scream of panic. Loud THUDS in the distance. Police sirens. And.. explosions?\! What on earth was going on.

“D..Deela? what is happening?” He asked before he saw Deela suddenly clutch at her belly. She suddenly was panting. Her breath was hastening. And her voice sounded …. primal? “Uhm Deela are you okay?” He asked in a worried way. He had no idea what was about to unfold. He was about to witness divinity born out of a mortal's shell.

# Gods among Mortals

Deela was grasping her stomach and she was hastily gasping for air. Her eyes torn open wide as the blood rushed through her body as she took in a deep breath of the pink musky gas. Zandy took a close look at her before suddenly hearing something pop and crack inside Deela… This worried him immensely. This sounded like she just snapped a bone. But instead of yowling out in pain, Deela just lurched up and arched her back as she swelled up a couple of inches\! Her hoodie suddenly tightening around her muscles\! 

“What the?\!” Zandy was exclaiming taking a step back as Deela began to moan. Turning herself around to face Zandy. She stared at him in utter confusion before another surge of muscle mass hit her and her hoodie grew ever tighter. A low rumbling sound could be heard as the ground underneath her started to shake as her feet began to grow. Bigger claws digging into the concrete. Her already impressive size only started to increase. 

Muscles swelled outward. Her chest began to push through her hoodie. Usually kobolds are not known for having a visible chest but this purple Kobold for some reason started to develop those round hills that began to push out and through. Growing bigger alongside everything else. There was a loud BU-BUMP from between her legs. Zandy took a look and saw the massive bulge on her pants beginning to slowly increase. Her face concentrated on Zandy once more as she slowly took a step forward. On her hands and knees did she try to reach out for Zandy. The pink mist in the air became thicker and more dense. Zandy smelled it but he felt no effects. Yet Deela was feeling it all in full force. The blood through her veins pushed harder and faster. She then had another BU-BUMP\! And the hoodie began to tear\! Revealing some of that purple muscle mass ever expanding outward\!

Next did her abdominal muscles swell alongside her back muscles. Further filling out the hoodie on both ends. Her moans became more frequent as she leaned up on her knees. The bulge between her legs had grown to such proportions that a few jean tears could be seen revealing a big fat Tip of a cock in bright red and with ribbed features beginning to slowly push out and up. The jeans are tearing ever so slightly more and more. Loud sounds of shredding fabric and the creaking of muscle mass growing bigger and fuller. She was 2 heads bigger. Now she is already 5 Heads bigger. 

A meager two feet is Zandy tall and Deela is just outsizing him at a, for a kobold, massive even feet in total\! Her tail Violently whaps against the ground causing a small shockwave and a crack in the concrete as she Flexed her arm in the sensation of her muscles swelling\! Zandy stares from her head to her knees. His eyes fixated on the massive growing cock of hers starting to swell its way outward\! And underneath it does she have two massive round Testicles\! Each firm and round looking. Each second did her body grow larger. Her moans sounded more lust filled. She rubbed her growing bits as it seems she was not quite done yet. Her massive hand stroked over her swelling biceps. Each flex increases its already immense and impossible size. One hand even reaching down to grope her massive swelling kobold cock. She groped it as it started to push it sway out of her jeans. At 9 feet tall, her clothes finally give up. And with one last big moan does she tear her hoodie apart. Revealing her well defined, veiny, rough and powerful looking arms. Her shoulders are broader than he would have thought. Her breasts have now come into view as well. A pair of large round orbs like the mammals have. Each way bigger than zandy's head. And with a perky nipple atop each mound. Such perfectly huge and round breasts and they swelled with the sound of Deelas constant body motion of growing larger. For some reason Zandy cannot look away from them. Or from the entire spectacle in fact. She kept flexing just to further the feeling of herself growing even bigger and larger\!

There were still those noises of panicked screams. Explosions. Cars being tossed around. And Zandy could even see a large woman looming in the distance currently stroking her own breasts in a lustful daze. The pink mist must have reached her too. He was getting very scared now. His inner flight or fight response is starting to kick in.

“Pussy…” Is all that Zand heard as he looked back to Deela. Who in her primal looking ten foot tall form was looming over him. Her growth still not quite finished as she was still bulging and swelling but it seems to have calmed down. As Zandy was about to ask her to repeat herself, did he suddenly take a step back\! She was on all fours and her massive red breeder pole Slammed into the concrete floor causing massive cracks in it. The heavy weight of that cock is way out of Zandy's realm of imagination. And that is just her cock\! Behind it do her massive balls slam down as well as she is thrusting her hips forward. 

“d..deela\! Watch out\!” In his panic he forgot to speak to her in a more rational way. But who can blame him when he is looking at a ten foot tall bodybuilder Kobold with a cock that is easily five times his body height in size and weight\! Her hulking body mass seemingly increased by the second. “Pussy…” She repeated in a rather deep tone yet the pitch of her voice remained as high as a girls for some odd reason. She had a scent that Zandy picked up from the first time meeting. The strong scent of a masculine male but for some reason a sweet girly hint to it like a flower. Yet now it has intensified a lot\! The musk coming from her groin was so mind numbing and dizzying that it made Zandy a bit wobbly in his stance. Her body was sweating and the last scraps of clothes fell off of her now naked body when another growth spurt increased her bulky hulking mass to another foot. Eleven feet of pure girl kobold muscle mass was what zandy is staring at.  Her huffs and grunts were so loud that it made his ears ring combined with the roaring of distant females. His panic fully kicking in he was slowly retreating into the alleyway as Deela was distracted with another growth with her muscles growing another full level of pure strength. 

When she watched Zandy slowly move back did she get up on one leg.. “Pussy…” She said but the P was strangely pronounced softer. The other leg now firmly planted onto the cracking concrete, she made her whole form slowly stand up fully. A colossal muscle mountain of eleven to twelve feet of pure kobold strength. Zandy fled into the alleyway. Deela was reaching for him. He was lucky she grew so massive. She couldn’t possibly fit- CRACK CRUMBLE AND CRUSH\! The sounds of a brick wall coming down as Deela was quite literally barging her way through the tight alleyway as if it was nothing but a paper mache wall\! Zandy let out a scream of panic and fear as he ran further in. The alleyway seemingly unending and so did Deelas' reach\! She kept on going through. And another ominous rumbling sound can be heard as the twelve foot kobold was reaching down. Her massive foot STOMPED behind Zandy causing him to fall. And he rolled out of her grasp to dodge behind a dumpster container\! She seemed confused. “Huh?” She sounded surprised at her prey having escaped. She stood up with the houses around her falling onto her massive frame. Her steel-like scaled-hide barely took a scratch or so much as notice of the tiny pathetic pebbles crashing against her body. Her entire body turned ninety-degrees around and that caused her massive spire of a cock to barrel through the levels of buildings like a sledgehammer but with no way of stopping it. Her humongous balls clap audibly against her thighs. Her primal growling sent shivers through Zandy's spine. He knew he only had one chance. He looked down between her legs. It was at least one way as the alleyway proved to be a dead end. 

He then saw something unexpected.. Another person\! It's a Human male from the looks of it. He wasn’t watching where he was going. As cruel as it was he might prove a distraction for Zandy to slip through. He knew what was about to happen. The man was panicking and crying for help. But Deela was too focused on her bewilderment of her prey having escaped her massive clutches. When she took a step back to better analyze the situation did Zandy hear a loud Scream of panic before a CRUNCH sound. The violent breaking of bones and careless nature with which Deela scraped her foot clean was sickening to Zandy… How could she do this\!? She was so sweet mere minutes ago\! But this proved to be the opening he needed. This was his last sprint. And dashed forward as fast as he could. Zooming down from under Deelas legs who of course noticed the little golden scaled cutie run past her. She quickly set to chase and each foreboding THUD and STOMP of her massive feet was another warning sign to Zandy that she was easily catching up\! He Ducked under her massive hand\! And then he closed his eyes and did another hasty jump..  He crash landed into an open set of doors into the warehouse Deela was demolishing with her tail before she set chase for Zandy. The alleyway, not much more than a crumbled ruin, proved no match for her.. Zandy was without a doubt scared out of his mind. How is this happening? And how is this possible\!? What was she going to do\!? He heard a loud rumbling from outside. And he saw the Dim shadow of Deelas body growing within the lights the warehouse windows that were left standing were giving off. 

He quickly got up and hid behind a crate. He needed to collect himself. Breath… inhale and exhale. His tiny heart was racing like crazy. He felt like it was about to pop out of his chest and leave him to die.. But that chance wouldn’t come. Another rumble was loud and suddenly a loud crashing noise caused zandy to duck and take a few steps away from his hiding spot as he was now underneath the looming figure of a massive red kobold cock with its knot fully expanded outward. The balls had created craters underneath them where they slammed. The massive cock spire was throbbing and twitching with such ferocity that it made Zandy's ears ring for a moment from the deep deafening BU-BUMP Noise. 

He heard the growling of Deela as she moved her cock slowly back. Taking more of the warehouse with it is like a cruel metaphor to what that cock could do. At thirteen feet in height was Deela, an impressive and imposing figure. Her massive height was simply terrifying. A divine intervention made manifest if Zandy were to put it in his world's perspective. And then she thrusted it back inside\! What was she doing? She destroyed more of the front wall, Zandy had to take great care to not be crushed by any falling bricks. She stopped for a moment as her thrusting ceased. She shuddered and Zandy could hear her growl and before his eyes did her mighty shaft explode in a much larger size\! Causing a rumbling throughout the carved out remains of what was once an empty warehouse with her balls slapping with a loud thud into the ground. Zandy yelped out in response from the feeling of almost being knocked over. The yelp seemed to have made Deela pull back as her gargantuan shaft slowly pulled back. Replaced with the glowing green eye of Deela herself. Blinking at the sight of Zandy she chuckled and her gargantuan muscular arm reached into the ruined warehouse. It was so much bigger than before. SHE was so much bigger than before\! If Zandy had to make a guess she was about 18 Feet tall now\! And her bulging biceps creaked and groaned with power. Reaching for him he tried to scuttle away but was too slow and the hand snatched zandy fully. He let out a painful scream as he was so tightly grabbed he felt like he was about to break\! Brought up from the warehouse he was pulled up. To stare at the bulging muscular yet feminine bodybuilder Kobold who was once just a foot taller than him. Now he couldn’t even stand up to one of her very erect looking nipples. He saw her open her mouth and he panicked\! “No\! No\! Please don’t eat me Deela\! PLEASE\!” He screamed out his heart racing. All the more was he confused when he didn’t feel her mighty white drooly chompers around his head but rather her lips giving him a wet smooch and a lick with her massive and soft tongue. Was she tasting him? Oh gods she wasn’t thinking of eating him was she? Her large tongue dragged over his face again and this time even over his body. 

Coated in Saliva the city neon lights shined on him with a new gleam. His eyes tearing up at the thought of his only friend in this strange new world eating him. But his thoughts are dragged away. He is witnessing similar things happening in the distance. Where Tall women stomp around, phallic appendages swinging, crushing men under their feet or worse… Stuffing said cocks inside those tiny men and destroying them from just being impaled on such monstrous appendages. Sounds of Sirens and car crashes. The sadistic sounding laughs of taller females all over the place. Stomping and cracking of concrete. Few people running around screaming for what sounds to him like, help\! Before being snatched by another female. On a few occasions Zandy could even spot blood leaking somewhere… These women were vicious and strong. 

Worst part is that Deela… Also is one now and he looked right at it as she held it with her strong hand. A heavy looking pulsating red pointy tipped cock with a massive knot at the very shaft base throbbing in arousal and excitement. With a thick glob of a clear slimy liquid dripping down from the slit and landing with such a loud SPLAT that he could hear it reverb in his ears, then he heard Deela make a moan as she slowly lowered him towards that cock. It was so massive and so huge\! Starring down that cockslit made him feel like he was staring down an abyss, a wet and musky abyss. The scent emanating from this huge tip made Zandy feel woozy. Made him feel slightly dizzy in the head as everything around him started to spin a little. 

“H..hold on Deela.. whatever you are thinking.. p..please do not do that\!” He begged trying to call through his haze but his pleas were hitting deaf ears. The sight shifts. She was slowly turning him around “D..DEELA WAIT\! NO\!” He cried out “PLEASE DEELA YOU CAN POSSIBLY MEAN THAT\! IT WONT WORK IT WONT FIT\!” He pleaded and begged and cried. For some odd reason this seemed to excite Deela only more with her cock visibly swelling a few inches girthier\! It's a colossal monster on an 18ft tall kobold. She has turned him upside down facing away from her. His large golden butt now fully in view of her. He took a glance down as he struggled, trying to squirm out of her steeltight grip and he saw those massive 2 globes hanging beneath her huge cock. That sight frightened him as he could also see the imprints before the warehouse they left behind. They pulverized the concrete. 

“DEELA PLEASE\!” He cried out one last time before she let out a feral grunt and pulled him back with his ass bashed up against the huge cocktip\! Of course it didn’t fit at all. It was far too huge. The cocktip prodding against his virigin ass, being now coated over and glazed with her cock leaking out lots of precum that work as excellent lubricant. Some of the precum started to leak over her hand and down over Zandy's body and right to his face where he snapped his head to another direction to fling it off\! It was so hot and so sticky\! Then he heard another growl and he quickly moved his head back to Deela. She seemed upset, almost angry\! With how she gripped tighter around him it was a clear indicator that she was displeased over his hole's disagreement to being impaled. 

“OH GODS\! HELP\!” he cried out “DEELA STOP\!” he again cried out before coming to a cough as some of that pre reached down into his mouth from how much more she was leaking. His hole being more and more lubricated she decided to try another thrust by moving him up and holding her cock to aim better. And then he felt such a dragging wind across his body as he was being forcefully PUSHED back against that gargantuan tip\! Causing him to cry out loudly in pain as the tip actually slipped in\! Well… bits of the tip. The tip itself was bigger than a kobold\! and she was forcing it inside his poor used to be virgin ass. He felt like something was torn. “AAAHHH\!\!” he cried out “DEELA STOP YOU ARE KILLING ME\!” He felt a tear run down his cheek as the sharp pain was zipping through his body like a lightning shot by an evil necromancer hitting through his entire nervous system. But this was different. It felt like she was tearing something inside him as she kept on pushing herself forward and pulling him back. Her free hand let go of her huge cock as it was finally inside him, the weight of that cock putting on his body was another strain he wished he didn’t have to endure. Her massive hand CLAWED Into the side building for better leverage as she thrusted forward\! The cock slipped in further\! Bursting more of his insides apart in an instant. It's a miracle he didn’t die from the first push in, his hole spreading to such ungodly amounts. 

He cried out as he was in terrible pain. His skeleton adjusted forcefully to fit the more inches of that gargantuan tip forcing its way inside. His soft squishiness can only help him so much as he was pulled and pushed to his very limit. It felt like a blockade inside him as Deela seemed to struggle to force more inches in and for a moment it seemed that Zandy was going to make it out somehow alive. Maybe Deela would give up and lose interest.. if she wouldn’t eat him first. But it seemed the cunning Deela figured out what the problem was. Her massive cock had created a huge bulge in Zandy's belly with perfect detailed outlines of her rough kobold cock showing on his white stretched out stomach and the reason she couldn’t go any deeper was because of her hand gripping Zandy so tight she was actively fighting against her own hand to go deeper. Once she figured that out she loosened her grip.

Meanwhile Zandy had to fight with something he hasn’t felt in a long time. The actual fear of dying. In a time wizards life you start asking yourself if you couldn’t beat the Grim Reaper too. So Zandy in his infinite search for manipulating the flow of time, once came across a tome containing some ancient runes. Runes that store the magic of time within them of a certain moment. A certain point in the time flow to return to should the wearer meet an unfortunate end. Zandy did the preparations and received these runes. They helped him prevent death multiple times. Helped him be able to survive to the age he is now. But in this world… In this world magic is devoid. Why would the runes work here with no direct mana to pull from? It was a terrifying thought to the kobold. He finally understood why liches are so paranoid.. The only thing an immortal being has to fear… is death itself after all. 

With the grip loosened did Deela let out a satisfied grunt as she was actually able to brute-force her way further inside\! The golden Kobolds eyes widened as he felt that massive bulge travel deeper into his guts. Luckily it didn’t reach up to his stomach but he saw that his belly was being stretched to ways he thought impossible. So to his horror he would witness it all without choking and therefore passing out. He would have to face his very own gut being pushed and forced to make room for a new inhabitant. A conqueror demanding its space. This cock demanded to have zandy all to its own as he let out a blood curdling scream before being interrupted by a torrent of blood coughed up from his insides alongside some precum\! \~How am I still alive…\~ he thought to himself, as he coughed up another torrent onto the ground underneath him paired with some actual precum from Deelas colossal widowmaker of a cock. She didn’t stop. She never wanted to stop again. Forcing herself deeper and deeper into her newly found tight little flesh hole to brutalize and pound into. 

Her massive muscles creak and bulge as if to show that they are the alphas here now. This gigantic titanic kobold was marking her territory with her body releasing those incredible sounds of muscles bulging and flexing. That gigantic cock of hers throbbing inside Zandy felt like a gutpunch and she wasn’t even close to half way in\! She reached down with her other hand and seemingly had enough of Zandy's pointless liquid spilling and wrapped her other massive hand around his head. Keeping his mouth shut and then Zandy felt an immense amount of pressure on his skull as she was pushing on his skull\! Such strength\! He was scared she might be crushing his head into his body\! And felt her pulling on his tiny body\! In her ferocious pulling did her scales tear off some scales from Zandy causing him to cry out in even more pain then he already was with the cock sinking deeper and deeper\! He begged in his mind with any force to come save him. But there was no one to save him. No one was there to help him. 

He was only within the grasp of this monster. This… Thing… No.. This woman, when he came here, was a sweet if simple appearing huge kobold woman. Now she and, as he saw for a brief moment, all the other women transformed. Something happened when the pink gas was released. It turned these women into massive tall beings of strength and … virility. As he could hear from the balls sloshing, bubbling and roaring like thunder. Then he felt a sharp YANK from the massive kobold as he felt his insides being tugged along before roughly being shoved BACK down onto that enormous spire\! Further and Further does that cock sink in. It was a rhythmic process at this point. Shoving him down inch after inch. To then pull back up again. Then to shove back down\! He cried out in pain and wanted things to end\! He wanted to die at this point as the pain was so unbearable\! The sound of Deela however showed that she was loving it with her titanic hips pushing forward again to slide deep inside his body\! His insides were tearing and being pulled apart before forcefully shoved back together with every resounding thrust. Back and forth, in and out she went. She fucked him. This was Zandy's first time and he is being torn open by a massive kobold. 

What was that dangling between Zandy's legs as the mighty stalwart giant purple kobold was being so gruesomely cruel to the kobold? Despite the intense pain and discomfort he felt he was for some reason hard. Was it because Deelas gigantic pelvis breaker was pushing on his prostate that it forced his shaft into a hard mode? Was it the adrenaline? The musk that was waving through the air caused Zandy to feel a bunch of different feelings at once. His head was full of that musk. The swirling mass of a stench of a pure breeding bull mixed with the sweat that was running off her body had the kobold in such a strange state. Her dick was so much more gargantuan it wasn’t even fair to her to compare her cock to his at this point. Zandy's cock had barely reached a quarter of a single vein on Deelas cock. A vein that bulges with such authority it made Zandy's whole body freeze up in response when it pressed against one of his nerves on the inside. Further shocking his body with pleasure and pain and keeping it awake. Rattling his thoughts back into the here and now while the merciless fucking continues.

Then she held on for a moment. Zandy felt the rumbling of that cock. Embarrassing but even as a time wizard he had lost track of time. How long she's been pushing and pulling his limb body back and forth. He was still conscious even if only a little. His eyes rolled up as she relinquished the grip on his head. Allowing him to witness the carnage before him. And for one more time, his eyes widened as he saw the many other girls. Violating. Destroying. Fucking. It was a massacre… and he was part of it. Then he heard a loud growl from Deela and suddenly that cock swelled up massively\! His insides were bent apart and he felt something snap\! He felt his bones break the whole process through but now his pelvis broke. That's it for him, he thought. As Deela finally came. And cumming she did. He cried out as he looked at his belly beginning to bloat and grow outward to such a degree that single scales just got sprung off. The tension of his skin proved too much and revealed his pink flesh which quickly turned purple. He grew and grew\! Bigger and bigger\! Resembling more belly-ball than kobold at this point\! And then cum started to explode out of his nose and mouth\! Which was thankfully some kind of vent but Deela would have none of it\! She once again moved her hand down and snapped his muzzle shut\! Breaking his nose and some teeth in the process. That pain however was miniscule compared to the pain he was feeling in his entire body being swollen and bloated into a… well a container for cum really. 

Yet through all of this harrowing experience, he found some strange sadistic enjoyment out of it. Maybe it was the fact that Deela was screaming her pleasure into the night sky while her mighty dick was tearing up his insides and reforming his body into a perfect cocksock befit that of a condom that was stretched thin over the huge cock tip alone. The strange sensation of this dick hitting every nerve inside him at once was close to pleasurable. Maybe his brain was re-alligned from all this thrusting and fucking that it made him think in strange new ways. Ways that could be masochistic. Did he deserve this? Did he commit a sin that this was now his punishment that he for some reason now enjoys?

With one last look to his belly did he have a fright. Unable to get the cum out anywhere else.. it decided to make its own way. Then the kobold felt something leak over his body. He saw for a short fleeting moment that cum was making its way out of his engorged belly in some form. It was painful and yet pleasurable.

\~Maybe I deserve all this. Perhaps I committed a sin I am just not able to see.. my body deformed. My head is full of this thick white cream.. My belly is full to the brim. I can feel my scales being shot off. Am I… In a new world? All these women have transcended from the looks of it. Explosions hitting them barely leave so much as a bruise.. I can see for a short moment before my mind fades into a short in between state. Maybe.. I should accept it. My punishment.. for some reason I am enjoying it after all. Deela… Thank you…\~

Tearing him apart. The hot searing liquid was singing and burning his insides up alongside some strange wriggling movement like large worms pumped inside him. It was her sperm. It was doing what all sperm would do… Try and find something to impregnate him. But instead it was burrowing its way around his body. Then his gaze turned white. And with a last breath he had a thought. A thought that would be strange to any outsider. \~I'm sorry…\~ Then nothing. 

# Epilogue

Pain. Headaches. His body is sore. His hole was destroyed. His bones are broken. At Least that's how it should have been. Yet Zandy found himself on some strangely soft yet hard surface. Looking up at a tree that let a few sun rays through. In the distance he heard a cry for help before violently squashed into mulch.. No it was not a dream. But then where was he? He looked around and saw the thoughtful yet intensely staring green noxious eyes of Deela. Piercing his very soul. He was… not dead? He didn’t explode? He is fine…

He grunted and looked at himself. Deela very much took an interest in him moving as she looked at him more intensely. Zandy looked at himself, his waist down and back up he was completely fine… His belly is not even swollen anymore. Yet he still tasted that white thick liquid in his mouth and throat. How can this be? “What… that can’t…” he had long ago put a safe spell inside him. Runes inscribed on his very organs. In the case of an unnatural death, the runes will activate and restore him back to his life. So how could this happen in a world where magic doesn’t work? 

Then he had a thought… He looked up to Deela who visibly smiled at him with such confidence exhuming from her body. Her gaze was authoritative. Her posture demanded his attention. Could it be? That the gas from earlier… Of course. That's why he couldn’t use magic. That's why he can’t hear the mocking laughter of gods.

It is all coming to him in a delusional state he doesn’t even realize. Something his broken mind is trying to make comprehend this world and process as well as be able to make him see clearly… The gods of this world got killed. And the women took their divine essence. This is how Deela probably revived him. His punishment was fulfilled… He was now resurrected by the very mercy of Deela herself\! This had to be it. “Of course… A goddess.. would want to keep her plaything…” he said strange words. Did his mind snap? Perhaps… But he knew one thing. The throbbing underneath him told him that Deela wanted more and he was going to give her his all.

“Goddess Deela…”