"Yall better stop squirming right now before I lose my temper!" boomed a deep drawl of a voice. The titanic weight of it echoing round the stable walls making them shiver as all those inside shrank at its touch. One more so than the others, as a struggling Canine froze, his ears dropping as he looked up at the massive maiden leaning over him, her nostrils flaring above an equine frown. Numbly the canine let his hands slid from the massive one pinning him down, each finger nearly as thick as his wrist, and dwarfed by the bulging muscled arm pinning him helplessly onto the hay bale. Heart hammering the wolf blinked up over the massive mare's flannel covered mountain of a chest to see her bright aqua eyes softening. "Better, now roll over when I tell ya to, yall mess up on this and your getten tossed in the pen with the squirmers." Snorted the giantess, lifting her hand from his tiny form, as the canine rolled quickly over. Towering above him Autumn gave a smirk of approval, her horsy face moving from dangerous to beautiful as she idly brushed a few strands of ivory mane from over her eyes. The long broad tip of her face lifting just a fraction as the tiny white furred man's face craned up to look at her. Still whimpering at the ghost of her hand forcing him down the tiny male did as he was bid lowering his head down before pushing his legs up, presenting a plump furry ass for the equine's inspection. "Y..yess ma'am." Breathed the wolf, biting back a shiver, as he tried to not think what the nearly twentyfoot mare was about to do to him. Or what she could have done seconds before, his heart still hammering as the feeling of her upon him, the pulse of her hand having drummed through him like a bass drum for gods sakes. He just felt so...helpless. "Hmmf honestly you're the most stubborn animals I gots." She huffed, bending down. "And so damn small, that Sin better not be cheated me on the fresh stock." Huffed the Mare, as she reached for the boy. He broad hand slapping up to the boy's naked ass hard enough to make him jerk forwards, his clawed hands digging into the hay as he yelped in pain at the blow. "Oh quick your whining we ain't even started." Chuffed Autumn, frowning as she hauled back and delivered a blow that would rival a baseball bat's hit to the wolf, making him jerk in pain as his ass blazed red below his ivory fur. Eyes watering, the canine forced himself to not pull away feeling the mare's eyes on him. The lack of a cry seeming, at least partially, to please the titanic mare as she sat back, a chair groaning under her king sized ass, as she leaned in, her hand slapping back down from the blow to cup the canine's underside. Idly, her fingers curled up between his legs to grope the soft sack and shaft, the latter already erect against her fingers. "Hmm well not big as I'd hoped, at least you got a firm one...but," smirked the woman as her hand pulled up cupping one plump cheek with a satisfied squeeze. "This ain't to bad, nice

padding and shape." She mumbled giving the boy's ass a fresh squeeze stealing a moan from the wolf as she moved her hand away. "and yawl got a good moan, see." She neighed happily enjoying seeing the look of worry on his face as he saw her fire hydrant thick cock throbbing at his moans. "Relax your to green for a ride on this bronco tiny." Chuffed the mare rolling her eyes as she looked back over her shoulder, eyes scanning the wide straw strewn stable. "Rain, lick!" she boomed, as from near one of the stables a clatter rose from a broom hurriedly being dropped. Moments later from behind the massive mare, rushed up a modest sized man, his long silky blonde hair tied into a ponytail, that mirrored the thick clump dangling between his plump cheeks. His gate a bit awkward as he practically stumbled over to where Autumn had her hand out palm up towards her side. Looking back the wolf watched the boy bounce up, his own cock flopping out dribbling a bit of pre. At a second glance it was clear as to why. The boy's balls were swollen to the size of apples, kept from gaining release by a binding of smooth polished black leather. A matching set looped up and tied round his neck, like some kind of bridal. As he watched the boy moved up to Autumns broad hand, taking her finger in both his hands and pushing the tip past his plump lips and into his mouth. Tapping one hoof as she waited Autumn felt the wet slap of her tiny Rain's tongue along her finger, smirking a bit at the devotion he had for her, but. "Your still slow Rain, told yall have to go deep!" she grunted thrusting her finger down the boy's throat in one hard pump, the walls widening round her finger, squeezing it as the boy gagged, eyes watering, but miraculously didn't pull away. Instead he pressed in, his throat swelling with just her finger, as he reached up to grasp her second shivering as he fed it in, tears in his eyes as it joined the first stretching his mouth as above the mare gave a nod. "Good, see tiny, this is what a good pony looks like. Hmmm alright that's enough now, "smirked the massive mare as she pulled her hand back with a wet pop, saliva dribbling from her thick fingers, in mirror to the globs dribbling from the panting boys mouth. "Now, lets see what I paid fur." Sighed Autumn turning her attention back to the wolf. His tiny form still shivering below as he fought between watching the Mare leaning in closer, and the boy Rain still drooling from his throat fucking moving over to where the mare's massive cock was hanging to lap at the few drops beading from her oversized tip. The sight, however losing his attention as one heavy hoof slapping down beside him, hard enough to make the bail he lay on shake, something like that could crush him flat if she wished. The sight making him shiver, something not missed by the Mare. "You don't straighten up and I just might have to enjoy a little trot with ya. Usually leave that for squirming stock, but you ain't above that yet." Boomed the massive maiden as she bent and without warning thrust her two fingers up into the mans tailhole. "Ho nice n tight, good feel too, but." She huffed feeling the wolf's ass clenching round her fingers as she gave them a wiggle, seeing the boy's body jerking helplessly under her. "I paid for space," she muttered distractedly as with that she pulled back only to clench her fist into a post sized hammer sent thrusting into his bare ass a heartbeat later. A loud wet clap echoing as she drove the thick arm inside with a wet squelch. "AHHh AHHH yOU. AH P..PLEASE SOOO BI.. BIG!" cried the wolf, tears forming in his eyes as he choked, his stomach shifting as her fist hammered violently into him. Warm spittle falling from his lips as he felt his ass lifted by the hard punch, his hands now gripping the bale of hay for dear life. His head dipping to

watch in fear as the punch made his belly bulge out obscenely showing the fur tight round her broad strong hand. "MHmm fuck your tight, gotta hand it ta Sin, she may not know how to keep a pet, but she can sure breed with the best." Grinned Autumn, savoring the wet kiss of the boy's ass as it suckled at her fingers. Smirking the Mare lifted her arm chuckling as the boy gasped arms wrapping round the bulge inside him as his claws were yanked from the hay. The wiggling only makeing the mare smile all the more as she watched him helplessly trying to push it down as gravity and her size sent it deeper. Below, her cock grew amused as well slapping to the little blonde rain's face as it grew harder making him stumble a bit with a few fat drops bubbling into his hair, as Autumn sighed. "that's enough uh that, get back to work Rain." Snorted the mare ignoring the plugged boy waddling away as she lifted the white wolf turning him slowly round to examine as he dangled speared on her fist. "Not bad at all, few stretch's and I might get some use out of ya." She smirked spreading her fingers deep inside him to feel the soft flesh giving to her easily, surrendering to her power over it, as she eyed her own fingers wiggling against the boy's bulging belly. "Mmm well can't argue with that ass, Rain forget the cleaning, bring me a tail now a good hefty one." Barked the mare, turning to look down as the pony tailed boy nodded before running over to a wall decorated with rich leather works. Everything from crops to bridals displayed with loving care, clean and polished in ordered rows. Sliding past a dark-skinned figure dressed up in the same gear and tail ensemble as himself the boy pulled up a thick anal plug from the wall, careful to keep the soft white tail attached from brushing the ground as he moved back towards Autumn's waiting gaze. As he neared the mare's thigh the boy had to heft the thick two litter sizes plug up above his head to even reach the mare's seated belly. Snorting her approval Autumn plucked the plug up rolling it between her fingers as she let her arm drop back towards the hay below. Inside the stables dozens watched from behind pen doors as the newest member slid down their mistress's arm till with a wet plop, he fell in a pile onto the hay, his ass gapping from her assault. The wet red tunnel she'd made winking up at her before with a firm thrust, it vanished behind a whimper and a white equine tail plug. "Rain take this one back to the prime pens, I've got a call to make." She boomed practically ignoring the whimpering wolf even as she thrust over three feet of anal plug up his ass, reforming the bulge in his belly as he bucked at the sudden raping. Nodding at her work the massive mare took a moment to wipe her hands on the white wolves' soft fur, smiling at her hard work before she rose and turned from the mess. Half bowing Rain hurried to obey looking reluctantly from her wide hips rocking back and forth as she stepped through her stable, tall head nearly reaching the twenty foot ceiling as she looked down at the pens, and stock below. Her eyes moving slowly, smiling at over two dozen plugged men who came to the edges of their stalls to watch her go their wet moans, making her cock throb eagerly, even as she spied a few still dipping their heads into the cum splattered troughs, she'd filled just that morning. Eat up boys, it don't come better." Laughed Autumn admiring her stock; most bridled and plugged like little Rain, who was already busy helping the new two tailed wolf to his feet. Stepping out of the stable Autumn let her back thump against the wooden wall, idly enjoying the heavy boom inside as she reached into one oversized breast pocket to pull out a phone, the flannel hugging her upper half barely managing to contain her busty breasts despite its previous destination being a king

sized bedroom set. Idly blowing a few bits of hair from her face she flicked the phone open pressing it up against one long ear as she let her eyes drift across the farmyard. *ring ring ring* "MHmm keep licking up what's left or you'll be the one painted across another slut, ugh so hard to find good pets these days. Sorry Autumn what can I do for you." purred a soft voice. The teasing taste of it betraying none of the impossible danger it promised even as Autumn rolled her eyes at such things. "Keep tellen ya Sin, you break them to fast, ya gotta start treaten them better or they don't last, hehe though last I saw your car wasn't much better. Face it girl ya got one of them destructive personalities." Chuffed Autumn grinning as she pictured the ebony rabbits glare. "Well maybe if you started putting your cock in more of them, they wouldn't be so upetty on that damn ranch of yours." Retorted Sin, as from behind her a wet gurgling could be heard in company with a wet lap of tiny tongues on her massive shaft. "Hehe good to hear from ya too, Just wanted to say the white stock looks good, you really outdid yourself. Oh, and when is that party, cause I ain't missing this no way. Its been age's since I done scene the girls." Grinned Autumn as she let out a soft sigh, listening as from behind Sin's voice the sound of wet slaps rose, teasing their way into the massive mare's ear as she looked to see her own molted pink cock swelling at the sensual song coiling in her ear. "Of course, ah one second, *slap* on your knees bug! Sorry, anyway I only serve the best, I'm almost insulted you'd think less of me." Cooed the black bunny as she paused, a hot moan and squelch of something too big being forced into something much too small filled the phone for a moment. "MMmm but yes its this Friday, don't be late, and remember to bring at least a few of your, mhmm what was your word for it." Teased the bunny as from behind the phone a wet phwap phwap of thick thighs clapping against pudgy cheek sang out. "Mhmm stocks, you tease, fuck you do know how to rile a girl up. Just cause your jealous my ass is the best in town." Huffed Autumn sliding a hand down the head of her cock, shivering as the pink pillar squished before hardening below her, growing bigger...and bigger. The massive meat becoming harder as she stroked down foot upon foot of throbbing stallion dick, a heavy slap bringing the warm slosh of gallons of unspent seed to her ears. As on the other side a woman smirked at the sound reaching her oversized ears. "Who me, I just want you to put some of those bugs to use. Love ya girl and see you Friday." Cooed Sin before a wet cry filled the receiver and was gone with a click. Leaving a very hot and bothered Autumn holding over eight feet of throbbing lust in her hands, as she dropped the phone back into her pocket. "That girl..mhmm fuck I have been working hard." Moaned the giant mare one hand sliding up her chest, to press under the fabric and grasp her naked breast. Sliding along before fastening upon the the fat pink nipple with grew firm at her touch. "Mhmmm fuck me, I should...ugh RAIN!" boomed Autumn her free hand pumping away at her shaft as she heard the scrambling from inside the barn. A few seconds later the pony tailed boy exiting only to run face first into the fat head of Autumn's mammoth

cock. "SUCK IT!" She thundered not bothering to wait as she grabbed the back of the boy's head and thrust it forwards, his gasp choked out as her tip forced his mouth to open wider and wider. Snorting, her tail flicking back over her massive plump ass as she let out a grunt fingers tightening on the boy's head as her cock grew painfully hard. "DEEPER YOU LITTLE BITCH AHHH WHAT DID I TRAIN YA FUR!" spat the mare as she bucked harder than a log splitter. Thrusting her hips hard into the boy's face with a wet clap of her own heavy balls, feeling his jaw stretching to the limit and more before his tongue slapped against her base as her tip slid inside. "OOHhhhhhh yesssssssss SSSS Mhmm fuck yesss!" gasped the mare, moaning as the tight squeeze of his throat sucked her cock deeper and deeper. Gagging, eyes rolling from the weight of her the little man shook below the massive mare, his hands slapping helplessly to her naked thigh's as she bent forcing inch after thick inch deeper into his overstuffed throat, the bulge pressing out tight enough to see every vein as she feed it deeper. "Mmhmm deeper...yesss!" boomed Autumn pulling her hand from her now bouncing breasts to slap against the stable wall stabling herself to properly use this slut. His belly first bulging then sinking as she angled her python even deeper into him. Every throb making the tiny man shake like a rag doll as Autumn moaned above him, snorting as she face fucked her tiny bitch. "Ohhh yess fuck that's its..mhmm these little throats better than sin's bio crap..mhmm right there oh yeah." panted Autumn as much to herself as to the poor boy sinking down her shaft. Shivering at the tight cocksock she now had Autumn sifted back rolling to lean against the barn wall, dragging little Rain easily with a groan as her massive cock wagged up hoisting the pathetic boy up into the air. Still panting she grapped her own cock as it stood against his flesh and pushed him deeper. "OOOHH yesss mhmmm fuck that's good stuff...mhmm ooh that's it rain ahhh I knew you would be a golden cock sock with my hard work..ohhh fuck I'm going to spear that little ass just ahhh watch me...mhmm BENT! CREW! GET OUT HERE!" cried Autumn panting openly as she pumped her living cock sleeve up and down her shaft, watching the hot pink girth vanish into his mouth before coming back out only to pump even deeper, faster, as droll bubble from his lips to dribble down her perfect equine dick. Her gaze savoring the sight of his lips working down drowning his body with her cock as he reached to try and grab her hands, as if thinking he could do anything to stop this wonderful feeling. "FUCK DON'T YOU DARE, YOU'RE ONE OF MY PERFECT COCK SLEEVES AND YOU LOVE IT!" she snorted angrily as the boy's eyes managed to find hers, his hands dropping limply from them with a look of shame on his face. "BETTER!" Seconds after her yell two more men appeared each bridled and plugged just as Rain was. "BENT get down, Crew pop this little bitch and get me a couple squirmers!" ordered Autumn as the two plugged figures raced to obey. Bent a rather firm sized stallion dropped to his knees between Autumn's legs. Had he stood level with her, he'd likely have only reached her hips at best, but as she leaned back to the barn he was perfect for what she wanted, as he pressed in thrusting his long nose into her low hanging ballsack to kiss the hot black flesh. His lips smothered by the musky weight even as his hands came up to fondle the heavy watermelon sized balls as she let out a groan of approval. Feeling him lifting one heavy ball letting it bounce at her rocking hips, only to drop it watching it slosh and churn letting her savor the

weight of herself before pushing back to kiss and rub them anew. "OOHh yess mhmm fuck you love my balls don't you Bent! Ahhh mhmm you just beg me to fill your tiny cocks with my cum don't you mmm feeling me raping your pathetic dicks every day!" panted Autumn shivering as she eyed the tide off restrains on Rains and Bent's cocks, their overstuffed balls filled with something much better than their pathetic seed thanks to her daily work. Meanwhile, the second called to her, Crew, a man similar to Rain in many a fashion save for the brown hair and tail he sported, was already crawling up her thick thigh and grasping at his fellow's blonde tail. Rains body shaking at the tugging even as the speared boy's eyes begged him to stop before. *POP* The thick plug stuffed into his ass was falling free as the man holding it rushed inside laying it aside as he went to find what his mistress ordered of him. "OOHh yess!" grunted Autumn ripping her hand free of one bouncing breast to grasp both sides of the blonde boy speared on her cock as she pumped harder, feeling inch by inch giving as he sank deeper and deeper, as she moaned out, happily to the wet slap of her own cock and balls against these tiny ponys. Harder and harder, bigger oh fuck breeding them was just so...sSOO. "AHH AHH ohhh RAIN LOOK AT YOU MHMM MHMM SO TIGHT AND NOW..AHH SO CLOSE AHHH!" roared the mare as with a hard grunt, she felt Rain's cry's humming through her massive cock even as the tip pressed and then erupted out of his ass, fully impaling the boy on her massive shaft as she worked him faster in his new roll. "AHHH OH FUCK YESS MHMM FUCK SIN YOU NEVER MADE A COCK SLEEVE THIS GOOD AHHHHH OH FUCK I'M GONNA CUM SO HARD!" drooled Autumn shivering as her own eyes rolled at the pleasure she had earned, weeks training the boy's ass, months with her special diet of cum and supplements, and just the right amount of nurturing her stock and now. "AHHH LOOK AT YOU RAIN YOUR SUCH A GOOD LITTLE COCKSOCK AHHH AUTUMN'S SO PROWD OF YA AHHHH AHHH OF FUCK YOU'RE AN A CLASS COCK HOLE!" boomed Autumn leaning forwards and dropping to her knees with a hard thump. Hardly caring she was smothering Bent between her balls as she fucked her new cock hole. Her fat rump clapping as the farm filled with the sound of her pleasure. *PHWAP PHWAP PHWAP PHWAP!* echoing over the rolling hills. Faster and faster till with a neighing cry Autumn flung her head back in a bestial roar that boomed through the stables and fields of her breeding farm. "AHHH YESS YESS CU..CUMMMINNNGGG YOU LITTLE WHORESSS!!" she cried letting the farm echo with her wet cries as the poor stallion below her tried to push her massive gurgling balls up only to be smothered fully by them, as Rain long since passed out only waggled upon her titanic cock as the first thick rope erupted across the grass, slapping hot and heavy to the fence beyond as Autumn jerked, once, twice three times before sliding back panting against the stable wall. Tongue lolling out as her cock dribbled down between her shaking legs. "ohh...ohhh fuck me that was good...." Her words a drunken little sigh of pleasure even as a soft rustle made her ears flick back as she looked round in a haze to see Crew standing beside her near twenty-foot frame the tiny man holding up a

basket. For a moment Autumn considered just smashing a hand down over the pathetic man, giving in a bit to the power she had...just a little press of her hand...even a breast...a tighter squeeze of her cock and a slap down with that perfect ass and three pathetic lives could end...even more could she could fuck and smash and ooohhh so much...but. "Good boy Bent, "she chuffed grabbing the basket from his hands. Momentary pleasure was easy she reminded herself through pleasure drunk thoughts, even as she reached down pulling out two of the tiny finger sized men squirming in her palm. "have to hold back Autumn hehe or you'll be like Sin and waist the good stock." She huffed shaking her head before throwing the two bad stock into her mouth letting her broad tongue catch and pin them inside her mouth letting herself savor their tiny wiggles as they tried and failed to free themselves. "Mhmm Crew, pop Bent out of there if he's still alive and clean up the stables, and get the new guy to help shovel up your food." She snorted pointing idly at the cum spilled across the grass, even as she pushed herself up, pausing for a moment as she spotted the two remaining tiny men in the basket before smirking down at the knee-high man, a small blush on his face. "Hehe you read my mind Crew, just for that." She cooed turning to face him letting her cock tip, which was still pushing out of Rain's clenching ass, swing round to the brown haired boy's face. "You get to have the fresh stuff." She cooed moaning softly as the man nodded eagerly and began to lap at her tip, stroking the huge tip bigger than his head, as he gulped down her warm spunk. "Mhmm that's a good boy, hehe fuck Sin's idea of fun." Smirked Autumn idly pulling another squirming man out and popping him into her mouth, "quality over quantity." She nodded, smiling as she turned, from Crew smearing his face with her cum even as he stepped back to do as he was told, the mare stomping off towards her home, massive cock wagging with the fainted body of Rain, as the mare smiled across at her farm. Pausing only to fish the final toy from her basket. "Here's to the good life." She grinned before reaching round, her silken white tail lifting to expose the brown donut of her ass clenching before with a gasp and a neigh she felt her little squirmier earning his name. "MHmmm the good life indeed." Neighed the giantess heading back to home. A few days later would see the same Mare stepping out of her truck, spying a dozen so ladies doing likewise all headed towards the massive party, some carrying a few pets in arms, or on cocks as she shook her head. "Rain, Crew, White, come." Called Autumn as three men piled out of the back, plugs in place, bridals polished, all dropping to their knees, as she took the reins of her little pony's, smiling as with a flick of her wrist she set off towards the party, hooves stomping beside the two smooth boys, and her newest stock, a white wolf plugged and moaning happily under her. As for Bent well... a pleasant squirm from her ass just gave the mare one more reason to smile at this party.
