Blood dripped from Henry's nose as his entire face stung and burned. He felt his eyes swelling shut and a split on his muzzle leaking crimson fluid down his face. The black furred wolf grunted and spat out a gob of blood as he shakily rose to his knees, only to receive another blow the ram delivered a kick to his gut, winding him. The pup whimpered and the ram laughed. "Come on big bad wolf! Do something!" The wolf was by no means the smallest pup in the school. In fact, he towered over almost all of the other students. Despite his intimidating stature however, his size would only have been good if he wasn't the only wolf in that place... And if he wasn't up against six rams. It just made him a target for the prey children that had something to prove or the domestic dogs that wanted to show him who was boss. He growled as he tried to stand up, only to receive a blow to the back as someone hit him with a heavy book, knocking him to the ground yet again. "That's what you get for talking to our sister mutt!" Their sister was the seventh one among them. She was the little lamb that had called her brothers into the fray when he had approached her. She cowered behind the wall of meat and wool, sniveling and crying as she watched her brothers carry out their brutal attack. There was satisfaction and glee hidden behind those innocent, teary eyes. Another round of jeers and laughter erupted from the group of rams as they closed in around him. Their cloven hooves were all he could see as they began to kick him. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Henry adjusted his uniform as he looked at himself in the mirror. Despite the fact he had gone through this routine for the past five years, he still made a habit of looking at himself to ensure he was

spotless. His fur was neatly combed, there wasn't a single crease in his uniform, and his Central Commonwealth trooper badge shined like new. He looked almost like a wide eyed recruit were it not for the ugly scars that decorated his face and calloused hands. A patchwork of injuries he sustained over the years from manual labor, each one telling a different story and forever reminding him of the past. Those, along with the fact he was a good eight feet tall and built like an oak, made him extremely terrifying to everyone. He looked down, checking his belt and all the equipment on it once more. A baton, handcuffs, pepper spray, flashlight, a taser, and his 9mm service pistol were secured in their pouches like they always were. Most of the time, he never needed most of this equipment considering his size and strength but it did look better if he had it. Satisfied with his presentation, he began to make his way to the exit. Walking past a few of his colleagues, he heard their conversations go silent as they watched him stroll on by. A few seemed to flinch each time his feet clicked against the tile floor or his paw pad hit the ground a little harder than he intended. Each step he took seemed to reverberate through the room as dozens of eyes staring at him. Though he was quite used to this, he couldn't help but feel a little offended by their mistrust of him. He even heard a few of them, unable to keep to themselves, whisper to those closest to them about how big and scary he was. As soon as he stepped out of the locker room and into the offices, he heard their conversations resuming through the door and even a few sighs of relief. He scoffed and grumbled under his breath, his tail flicking with irritation as he walked away towards the motor pool. He arched his body forward, making his stature appear a little shorter and putting on the sleepy eyes he was always used to giving people. It usually helped with making himself seem a little more passive and approachable. It was an especially useful skill to have around his prey coworkers.

As he made his way for the exit, he heard combat boots stomping against the floor. The sound of lips smacking and the sound of gum bursting. He found his facade slipping for a moment, as his eyes narrowed and his ears folded back. It was the bitch, and not in the good way. He heard her spit the wad of gum onto the floor, the little glob making a wet splat as it landed "Hey Henry!" She sounded like she smoked a pack a day, her voice as dry and raspy as sandpaper. Made sense considering the fact she always smelled of tobacco or methanol but that wasn't the worst part of it. No, what made her voice ear grating came from high pitched voice and the fact she always sounded like she was struggling to get enough air in her lungs. He quickly returned to a passive expression and turned around to face her, the blond haired human named Mira Falker. She was Lieutenant within the Grimshaw county Sheriff department and daughter of Commissioner Harriet Falker. Despite the rank however, Mira was one of the youngest members of the Grimshaw county police department but she didn't have her rank because of any inherent skill or dedication. A mixture of nepotism, inclusivity, and favoritism had easily pushed her quickly from beat cop to desk jockey where she spent the day doing something far away from the dangerous world outside. However, the fact that she wasn't actually in the field didn't mean Mira dressed like it. She constantly swaggered around the office in a pair of jack boots that shined like new and a kevlar vest. In her belt was a wicked looking .357 revolver instead of the standard service pistol. Then there was her attire. While most of it was regulation clothing, she also had a patch depicting an animal skull with a bullet hole through the temple. She liked to play it off to most of her nonhuman colleagues as a reference to a vigilante anti-hero from a comic. Anyone with a basic idea of how the world worked however, knew it was a human supremacist symbol. Mira's disapproval of her anthro colleagues was

quite evident whenever she spoke to them. She constantly treated them like they were mentally handicapped or she would say something completely offensive and claim ignorance when she was confronted. Other officers had reported her to HR regarding workplace harassment but the girl had gotten so proficient in the act of crying wolf, quite literally in some cases, it didn't matter how many complaints were filed. All that ever came of it was a reprimand here or a week of suspension with pay there, and the officer in question being shuffled into another county. All of this was thanks to her daddy the commissioner. Henry nodded and saluted her. "Good morning Sergeant Falker." Mira simply nodded and smirked at him as she walked over and put a hand on his shoulder as she looked up at him. She was a short woman, standing somewhere around four foot eleven inches and could almost be mistaken for a miniature pot bellied pig. After all, her shrill, nasally voice and her ugly complexion did give some that impression. "Hey buddy, I was just wondering if you want to join me in the sparring ring later. You know, get some exercise in and some CQC training. I could show you a thing or two about proper hand to hand combat." Henry almost snorted at her as he recalled the last time he agreed to spar with her. That ended with her breaking her wrist as soon as she punched him and him being suspended without pay for two weeks. Of course, she played the incident off to her friends as him being too rough. She then embellished the story, stating that she managed to escape with a broken wrist while he had been sent to the hospital. Of course, nobody but her closest friends bought the story but most did believe there was a reason why the big wolf was suspended. Henry couldn't help but agree with them, even if he hadn't done anything yet. If he were to actually hit her, he would definitely be charged for manslaughter. He

quickly shook his head. "Sorry Lieutenant, I'm busy this afternoon. I've made plans with a friend to go out and get lunch." "Oh?" She cocked her head and snorted. "You have friends?" He had to admit, that was a horrible excuse. "They're not a police officer if that's what you mean. Just an old pal of mine from school." The Lieutenant rolled her eyes and shrugged. "Whatever you say wolf. But hey, if you decide you want to do something other than sniff butts, come to the gym. I'd be more than happy to show you what fighting really is about." She walked by him, her shoulder slamming into his with very little effect. He heard her hiss in pain and mutter something along the lines of comparing him to a brick house. Of course, Henry knew better than to take her seriously or mock her weakness, so he went for the exit. Stepping outside into the parking lot, he saw a few of the cruisers had already been taken by other patrol officers but that didn't matter. His car was still there and he was still on time for work. Pulling his keys from his pocket, Henry unlocked his SUV and opened the door, only to be immediately greeted by the smell of his own musk. Henry looked around and silently grit his teeth as he quickly jumped inside and closed the door behind him. He had forgotten to air out his car again. Letting out a sigh of frustration, he started his car, the vehicle roaring to life as he reached for the radio on the dashboard. "This is patrol car eight. Heading out now to interstate patrol now. Over."

The radio buzzed as the dispatcher responded. "10-4 patrol car eight. Expect heavy traffic on I-34. The Commonwealth army has set up a roadblock on the highway and are redirecting through Wolfcreek. Over." Henry felt his eyes roll back into his head as he pulled out of his parking space and drove towards the driveway. "10-4, over and out." Today was going to be a long day. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The wolf pup wheezed and coughed as he stumbled into his house. His body still stung with the blows of the beating he had received earlier that day. He trembled as he sucked in his breath and forced his way inside, tossing his ragged book bag to the side. "Mom! Dad!" It was a wail of desperation, a tone he had not intended to use. Nevertheless, it immediately sent both his mother and father into the hallway. His mother ran in gracefully while his dad stumbled in, stinking of cigarettes. Mom was a border collie, she was elegant and sleek. Her name was Martha. Dad was a wolf, he was strong but clumsy. His name was John. Henry's mother gasped at the sight of her wounded pup and immediately ran over, looking at his injuries as she comfortingly stroked his head. "My goddess! What happened Henry!" He steadied himself and spoke in an emotionless tone. "Harrison and his brothers attacked me when I talked to their sister. They beat me up and stole my bike."

Henry saw his mother wince as he spoke, concern and worry in her eyes as she began to usher him inside the house. "You poor thing, let's get you cleaned up." "Oh for crying out loud!" John shouted as he got in between the two. He looked down at Henry, his eyes disapproving and dark with anger. "How can you let this happen Henry! How can you let those shit for brain prey kids just walk all over you like this." "I will speak with their mother about this and we will get this sorted out." His mother held her hands together, pleading for her husband to calm down. "Please, don't do this!" "NO!" Henry's father looked down at him and let out a low growl. "Now listen here Henry! Are you going to let mommy fight this battle for you!? Or are you going to man up and deal with it yourself!" "John! This isn't necessary! Please don't do this!" "I'm sick and tired of letting you baby him all the time. He's a wolf! He can't rely on you forever!" "Well I don't want you to make him just like yourself!" "Oh? So it's my fault for wanting him to stand up for himself then!?" The two began to yell at each other, their voices raising in volume as they shouted. He watched as

anger boiled up in his father's eyes, calloused fists clenched in rage as few droplets of blood trickled through his fingers. His mother on the other hand was becoming more stressed and anxious. Her ears were folded back and her tail tucked in between her legs as she begged the old wolf not to make Henry do something he would regret. Henry sighed as he turned around and made for the entrance of the door. The moment he turned the knob and opened it, the two stopped arguing and he stepped into the empty street. He heard mother let out a sniffle as she walked deeper into the house, whispering something under her breath. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Henry saw the vixen standing on the side of the road. Her orange and white fur contrasted with the forest behind her as she held a thumb up, trying to get his attention. She looked like a university student in her red hoodie and jeans, with an almost comically oversized camping backpack sat beside her. He wasn't one for picking up hitchhikers but at the same time, he did feel somewhat obligated to assist her. The traffic on the I-34 was heavy and jammed for miles. He had seen dozens of Commonwealth military vehicles passing through and helicopters flying overhead. Henry wasn't sure what was going on, but he knew that sticking around them wasn't a good idea.. Thus, he turned around and made his way back towards Grimshaw country the first chance he got. Ever since he turned around, he hadn't seen another car for the past hour. There was nobody to keep his company but his thoughts, the vast greenery all around him, and the open road. His radio occasionally buzzed as reports came in regarding events in the town. A few traffic violations, public intoxication, and even a case of petty theft but there was nothing that really warranted his concern. Of course, now there was this fox hitchhiker standing on the side of the road, watching him as he approached. Henry had never been one for foxes. They were smug and fragile little things who loved playing hard to get. Most of the time, they were more trouble than they were worth but he had to admit,

this one was very appealing. Nobody was going to be coming this way for a while and leaving her here felt irresponsible. He felt obligated to help her. Henry pulled his car over to the side of the road, gravel crunching under his SUV as he came to a stop. The vixen smiled at him and began to jog her way over, her hips and tail swaying hypnotically. She wasn't slender like most of her kind. In fact, she was a little more on the chunky side. Despite her loose hoodie, he could tell she had a nice rack and a pair of legs that filled out her jeans quite nicely. He felt a tingle of excitement shoot through his cock as he imagined her sitting on his lap as he plowed her on the side of the road. His face pressed between her breasts as he guided her down his shaft. It had been a while since the last time he had sex and he'd been itching for some action. As she reached the hood of the car, he rolled down the window and the vixen excitedly poked her head in. Her eyes lit up behind a pair of cute reading glasses as she caught sight of him. She had a pair of enrapturing light blue eyes and a wonderful slender muzzle that smiled warmly at him. "Oh! Hello officer!" "Hello." He smiled back as he finished putting on a tired, passive expression. "Need a ride?" She nodded. "Yeah! If it's not too much trouble I could definitely use one!" "Well, I'm heading back to Grimshaw county now. Have a seat up front, I'll put your bag in the trunk." The vixen let out an excited little squeak as she entered the SUV while he exited it, going around

to pick up her bag. After he put it in the trunk of his patrol car, he got back into the driver's seat and the two went off on the highway once more. The vixen looked comically small in the seat, her feet dangling a little off the ground. She was a little under five feet tall give or take. If her face and voice didn't give it away, he would have mistook her for someone in their early teens. Despite this however, she didn't seem to be the least bit bothered by him or his intimidating looks. She sat in her seat, looking out the window at the scenery passing by, entranced by the natural beauty. There was a moment of silence before he spoke to her. "What's your name?" "Oh!" She turned to him before she let out a nervous chuckle. "My name's Olive." "I'm Henry, it's good to meet you." Olive shyly nodded at him, her eyes looking between him and the road ahead. She didn't need to say anything, but he could tell she was nervous. He wasn't exactly sure if it was because of his looks or the 12 gauge tactical shotgun that rested on its rack in between them. Henry never did have much luck with girls before. The poor wolf had the face of a violent criminal and a personality about as smooth as asphalt. Regardless, he was content to make small talk and maybe break the ice a little between them. If he managed to smooth things up enough, perhaps she would even be open enough to spend a night with him. "If you don't mind me asking, where are you from?" "I'm from Oeste Commonwealth. Been backpacking my way east and seeing some sights along the way." "Oh?" Henry smirked at her as he thought about this vixen on the golden sands of some coastal

city. He mentally undressed Olive, imagining her in a skimpy bikini as she lounged around on the beach and soaked in the sun. It got him more excited. "See anything interesting here in the Central Commonwealth?" Olive shrugged. "I have to admit, not much. I'm following a migration route the Buffalo used before the unification. I haven't seen too many interesting things aside from maybe a nice landmark or two." He chuckled and shook his head. "Awwww, that's a shame." "Yeah. I was really hoping to see more the Commonwealth had to offer. I mean, the forests and plains are nice but it all kinda just blends together after a while." "Isn't that kinda the point of backpacking? To enjoy the great outdoors?" The vixen snickered and sunk into her chair. "Yeah, but at the same time, I was sort of hoping for a little more. I wish I came out here with someone, that would make it more fun." By now, his penis was fully erect. It had climbed out of its sheath and bulged against his pants, throbbing painfully. Without thinking and with all the grace of a falling brick, he opened his mouth "If you're not in a rush or anything, I could show you around Grimshaw? Maybe take you to dinner?" There was a long, awkward pause between the two and Henry gripped the steering wheel a little tighter. He felt stupid saying it out loud. The desperation was obvious in his voice. He had gone in too

early and now, this vixen probably thought he was some kind of creep. She could probably see his huge erection and if she didn't, then she could definitely smell his musk. He felt himself sagging a little in his seat as he waited for the inevitable. A snort of disgust or a scream of panic as she demanded him to let her out of the car. That was until his radio buzzed to life and the urgent voice of the dispatcher came over the line. "All units, be advised. Multiple 10-80s reported in Grimshaw county area. All patrol units return immediately and await further instruction. Details coming in at this time." Henry felt his pupils dilate when he heard it. 10-80 meant explosions. Something bad was happening. The wolf growled as he reached up and switched the sirens and lights on. They screamed to life, blaring as he shifted gears and began to accelerate. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Olive sink into her chair, startled by this sudden acceleration. "Whoa! What?" He winced but knew he couldn't slow down. "Sorry, but this is serious. I need to get back to town as fast as possible! Something bad happened!" Olive whimpered but she didn't protest, instead clinging onto the seat with a death grip. Henry on the other hand remained focused on the road, ear to his receiver as he waited for the news. Then, the voice of another patrol officer came on. "11-99! This is Gomez! Requesting assistance in town square! I don't know what the fuck is going on but-" His voice was cut off as another officer's voice came on. "This is Peterson! 11-60 at Grimshaw memorial hospital! The women! They're-" "-is down! I say again! My partner is dead! Requesting -"

"-Code 43, swat units are being organized-" The voices came in like a flood as desperation, fear, anger, and violence spewed from the radio. He heard his fellow colleagues screaming but there were so many at once, it was hard to figure out just what was being said. However, Henry could tell that something really bad was happening, and he was heading right into the storm. Olive began to pant and she leaned forward against the dashboard, gritting her teeth as she dug her claws into the glove box. The wolf looked at her in shock, ears folding back in worry. The poor vixen looked like she was having a panic attack. He reached for her shoulder and gave it a comforting squeeze. "I'm sorry! Just stay calm, it's going to be okay!" The vixen moaned, drooling as she clawed at the faux leather and plastic, leaving deep gashes in the interior. She kicked against the floor, straining against her seat belt as she thrashed in place. Acting quickly, he pulled to the side of the road and hit the break before switching off the siren. He unbuckled his seat belt and turned to her, grabbing her shoulder as she continued to cry out and spasm. The wolf was so focused on trying to calm her down, he didn't notice Olive was growing. The hoodie she was wearing, once loose, now began to stretch as she filled it out. Her jeans began to burst at the seams, orange and white fur poking out as muscle grew. She grabbed his wrists. It wasn't particularly hard for the wolf, but it was firm. Henry looked at her and saw a dreamy expression crossing her face as she inhaled his scent. "Ohhh god! I need you!" The wolf could barely register what was going on as the little vixen's clothes tore open, shreds of cloth falling to the side as her body outgrew the restricting garments as she continued to grow. Her form

began taking up more space in the car, rocking it as she convulsed in her seat. When she stopped growing, she had reached a good seven and a half feet tall. Still, she was nowhere near as tall as him but that didn't matter. Olive reached down with one hand for the seat belt but instead of unclasping it, she tore it out the little mechanism which let out a loud crack as it was violently torn out. Henry's jaw dropped as the vixen lunged over the space in between them, pressing Henry against the door as she straddled his legs. Then, she pressed her slim muzzle to his and kissed him. Her tongue quickly darted into his mouth, between his parted teeth before going as deep as she could down his throat. Despite this sudden turn of events, the experience was nice. The way her warm, wet maw pressed against him earnestly as she tasted him. Her clean breath as she exhaled against his muzzle. It was absolutely amazing as she playfully nipped his lip and continued to spar with his tongue. Henry felt himself relaxing and leaning into the kiss, playfully biting and sucking her tongue. The panic over the radio and the earlier, frantic rush that had led to this moment was now forgotten as he focused on her. She moaned in approval of him as she began to unbutton his shirt, letting his bare chest rub against hers. Henry couldn't help but reach a hand up to grope one of her breasts, softly massaging it as he teased her erect nipple with a thumb. Olive gasped as she pulled away from him, a line of drool still connecting their lips as they stared at each other. She playfully rested a hand on his thigh, mere inches from his cock and squeezed. Henry couldn't help but imagine her giving his cock the same treatment "I never had a boy touch me like that before~" The vixen giggled as she rubbed her body against his, her warm soft fur brushing up against his. Henry inhaled her musk which was a contradicting mixture of feminine and masculine notes. There

were also the other scents she had picked up as well. Soap, candy, earth and woodland, all fresh as if he was there with her when the world imparted these smells onto her body. Despite the strange combination of aromas, none of her scents were incongruous with the other. They all worked together to create this amazing harmony that made him feel safe and warm. Then, he felt something wet drip onto his belly, a warm and wet spurt of liquid. Henry looked up to the vixen and smiled as he reached in between her legs, hands darting towards her sex. Where he expected to find her slit, he found a furry pouch. His heart skipped a beat as his hand gently squeezed it, causing the vixen to shudder as more fluid dripped onto him. She moaned as she bit her lip, her eyes rolling up for a moment as she humped against his hand. He felt his heart sink a little as his digits went a little further up, and touched a hard, fleshy bulb. Henry instantly recognized what he was touching. A knot. Olive looked at him smugly, her eyes filled with fire and lust. His mind began to race as he tried to figure out what was going on. However, as the cogs began to turn in his mind, they were brought to a grinding halt as the vixen mashed her lips against his again. Despite this newfound information of this vixen having a cock, the kiss was no less pleasant than it was before. It was still hot and passionate, full of need and want. The warning signals that had told him to stop had been overridden by this mischievous vixen as she kissed him. When she pulled away again, she growled playfully. "I could smell you the moment I got into the car. You were so aroused. I have to admit, I was sort of waiting for the moment where you would stop and plow me on the hood of your car. But now, I've got something else in mind~" Henry could only stare up at her, his mouth agape like a fish as the vixen reached down and undid his pants, sliding them down his legs. She gasped as she looked down at his cock, as it bulged against

his briefs, desperate to get out. The vixen looked at her own hardware, then his hand humphed, clearly disappointed that he was bigger than her. His dick was about ten inches long and about as thick as a soda can while hers was a good eight inches long and had a diameter about as wide as a beer bottle. Olive sighed as she caressed his cheek as she pulled down his boxers. He whined as he felt the fabric, sticky with his arousal, brush against his sensitive member. Then, when his cock was finally freed of their restrictive connives, it sprang to attention, smacking against her with a wet meaty thwack. The two winced in pain from the impact before moaning softly as their aching erections rubbed against each other. Henry grabbed both their cocks, holding them to each other with a soft but firm grip. Olive painted her tail flicking as it wrapped around the steering wheel. A line of drool fell from her mouth as he began to rub their dicks together. "Nnnngh! Henry!" Precum spurt out of the end of both their tapered tips, dripping down their lengths as Henry's hand worked and massaged their shafts, lathering them both in pre as he rubbed up and down. Olive thrusted against him, her cock and balls rubbing against his. It was teasing more than anything. Their touches were too light to really get them off, but enough to stimulate and tease. The two moaned in unison, leaning into each other as they fell into a comfortable and pleasant rhythm. Olive whimpered into his ear as she playfully nipped it. "It feels so good~" Henry grunted in agreement and groaned as another glob of precum shot out of his dick and coated his fingers as he slathered it up and down their lengths. His hands were slick with their fluid and he brought it up to inspect it. His palm and fingers were completely coated with the sticky fluid. Strangely, he held it up to his nose and sniffed it. There wasn't anything particularly off about the scent of their

cum, or in this case, hers. It definitely smelled natural but it seemed... Stronger somehow. Like it was more potent and virile compared to a normal male. Olive grabbed his hand and sniffed it. Then, her tongue darted out to taste it. He watched as she savored the flavor before she began to lick his hand. His fur stood on end as her delicate tongue ran across his digits, coating them with saliva as she lapped up the pre. He couldn't help but imagine her giving his cock the same treatment. When she was finished, she humphed in satisfaction before she grabbed his wrist, and let his hand touch the side of her cheek. Her fur was incredibly soft and warm. Henry couldn't help but caress her, letting his fingers sift through the hair. She smiled at him again, but this time, it wasn't smug or done as a courtesy. This one was genuinely sweet and warm. "You're so adorable~" Henry instantly felt his cheeks heat up and she scooted herself back. He gasped when she moved his legs to the side and lifted his balls up to peek at his tail hole. The vixen bit her lip as another load of precum dripped out of her cock. She quickly gathered it up with her index finger, letting the gooey liquid coat it before she reached his puckered hole. Before she could even touch him, Henry's tail instantly moved to cover himself. "Wait! I've never done this before!" There was the briefest flash of sympathy in Olive's eyes as she gazed understandingly into his eyes. That was, until she seemed to be overtaken by something else within her. Some other person within herself that overrode anything else. She snarled at him, and she went for his throat, grabbing it and choking him as she slammed his head against the door. Henry saw stars in his vision and for the briefest of moments, he felt... Actually hurt. It wasn't the impact or the choking, but the feeling of

betrayal. Sure, he had just met this vixen and she was the one that was forcing herself on him, but he could have sworn he had seen something in her eyes. Something that was more than just the raw feeling of lust and the need to fuck. "Too bad Henry! I need to fuck!" He whimpered and the vixen growled as she went for his neck, her jaws clamping down on it. One of her fangs poked at an artery threateningly, jabbing it a little each time his heart beat. Henry forced himself to relax, his tail lowering as he worked to keep his breathing in check. This calmed Olive a little bit but she did not remove herself from his neck, as she reached down and began to press against his hole. He winced, feeling the slick digit sink into his body. It was a completely alien experience as she wriggled it around inside him, sending a shiver through his body. It wasn't necessarily unpleasant, but this strange and new feeling he was experiencing was making alarm bells ring in his head. His mind was screaming at him to escape her hold, to reach for his pepper spray or even his service pistol. Anything, to make this stop. On the other hand, a tiny voice in his mind was begging for more. He found himself completely frozen up, a strange mixture of fear and arousal taking hold of him and planting him firmly in place. Olive pulled her finger out and he felt strangely hollow as he ass flexed around nothing. That was until the tapered tip of her cock was shoved into him. Henry let out a strangled cry but Olive simply bit down a little harder, holding him in place as she began to shove more of her rod into him. To be fair, it probably wasn't the worst thing that could happen to him. Sure, she was large and he had never done this before but that didn't matter. All he needed to do was tough this out and wait till she got tired before he did anything. He grit his teeth as more of her cock slid into him. Despite the fact he was larger than her, it still felt like she was splitting him in half. Were it not for the generous amount of precum that coated her

dick, it would have been even more painful. He felt his entire body trembling as he fought against the urge to escape, heart pounding in his chest as adrenaline coursed through his veins. Olive on the other hand, grunted as she thrust deeper into his virgin ass, agonizing centimeter by agonizing centimeter. Then, she growled, her claws digging into his ankles as she leaned in and began to pull out... And in, and out. Her thrusts were becoming rougher as she viciously pounded his virgin hole. The wolf cried out as his insides reflexively clenched down around the vixen's cock in a vain effort to deny her entry. It only increased her pleasure as she continued to rapidly pick up her pace, balls slapping against his ass. The whole car was becoming a sauna now. The smell of sex, musk, and the heat made his head spin as desperately tried to fight away the feeling of drowsiness. Each time her cock was jammed into him, he felt the breath being forced out of his lungs as his will to fight back was sapped out of him, limbs turned to jelly with each thrust. Soon, he could no longer scream and all he could do was pant and whine weakly as tears streamed down his cheeks. Olive leered over him, grinning maliciously. "Oh stop bitching! You were probably going to do the same thing to me before I got this piece of hardware! It's only fair you know how it feels too!" Henry could only moan incoherently as she continued to punish his ass, her cock reaching into his deep depths and pressing against his prostate. Each time, it sent a shiver of pleasure, pain, and panic through his body, making his cock stand painfully on end. He felt humiliated and ashamed, knowing that he was taking some satisfaction from being defiled, even if it was his body's natural response. Then, he felt the worst pain he could ever have imagined in his life, like his asshole had just been lit on fire. He released a strangled scream and looked down to see the vixen pressing her knot into him, spreading him to his limits. She snarled and huffed, her hand reaching up and slamming down against his face, slamming it into the window. Henry swore he could hear something crack as she continued

shoving her knot into him, the feeling that she was about to quite literally tear his asshole open was the only thing he could think of. POP! The sound seemed to echo through the interior of the car. Henry could feel his eyes rolling back into his head as an impossible fullness filled his gut. Despite his size, he could feel it pressing up against his organs, nudging them each time it throbbed. He could barely breathe as she put a hand to it, feeling it through his abdominal muscles. "Ohhhh~ Look at that bulge!" She growled as she gave her cock a good squeeze as she began to pick up her stride again. He could feel things moving down there in ways that they shouldn't as she began to hump him, her knot tugging against him before sinking back in. Henry yelped as he felt her moving again but he was paralyzed with fear and pain. His body refused to respond to any command to act in the interest of his self preservation or to even try and relieve himself of the pain but to no success. He was a prisoner trapped in his own body, pinned down and impaled by a vixen. He then heard her let out a low, pleasurable growl as she began to pick up her pace. The cock that was lodged firmly within his gut began to throb dangerously, making things down there feel even weirder. It dawned on him as he realized what she was doing. She was going to cum into his already full gut. With her knot in place and without any way for the fluid to escape.... Henry felt the panic sink in as he whispered. "No." That was the only thing that managed to escape his lips as he felt her cock twitch one final time...

Then, his gut began to swell. The well toned abs he had spent years working on, disappeared as it cum flooded his belly. He could only watch it for a moment before spikes of white hot pain radiated from his gut. His muscles, which had been unresponsive up to that point, began to flail uselessly, slamming against the interior of the car as he kicked his legs wildly. His instincts screamed for him to do one thing, his pain told him to do another. The signals were jumbled up in his mind as he tried and failed to accomplish anything except expend more energy. Olive laughed at his pitiful display as she reached down and grabbed his arms, pinning them down. Henry swore he could have blacked out for a moment. It felt as if his mind had jumped ahead a few seconds and now, the little vixen was smirking at him with a mocking expression. It was then he noticed a stickiness on his belly that hadn't been there before. Looking down, he saw something that made him made his entire body heat up in shame as cum painted his belly. Not hers, but his. His dick had spewed its load all over him and now began to soften a little as it laid against his bloated stomach, spent and completely drained. He whimpered as the vixen let out a hearty laugh. "HA! You're such a slut!" She leaned down to look at him, fire and lust still burning behind her eyes. "I'm still sooo hard Henry~ Ready for round two?" The way she did it made his skin crawl in a way that it had never done so before. He had dealt with his fair share of rapists and killers in the line of duty, but nothing he had ever encountered made him feel so much scared before. He whimpered as he tried to squirm away, only for her to grab him harder, her claws sinking into his pecs. "Please! Not again!"

Olive giggled and huffed as she leered at him. "Oh yes! Again! And again! And again!" Henry could do nothing as the vixen readied herself, trying to tug her cock out of his hole so that she could have another go. Again, he felt that same stretching, burning sensation as he felt her knot tug against him. His body, unable to control itself, clenched down around her in some vain effort to hold her in place to make the pain stop. However, it only made things worse as things down there became very tight, and the sensation of main was magnified tenfold. He began to scream again and the vixen mockingly mimicked him, letting out an exaggerated scream and laughing all the while. His lungs were now burning, his vision growing dark as he felt unconsciousness gripping at his mind.... Then, it stopped. The sensation of pain died down as she stopped trying to pull out. Henry greedily gulped down the hot musky air of the car, trying to get his heart rate back down so he wouldn't pass out. It took him a moment to realize what was going on, but when he could finally focus again, he saw her hunched over him. The vixen's ears perked up as she watched something coming down the road, her breath's short and rapid as she panted. He couldn't move to see what she saw, and he didn't want to ask her. Then, he heard it. The sound of cloven hoofsteps. Henry's eyes widened at the realization that something bigger was approaching the car but before he could say anything, Olive was already scrambling to escape. She had flung the passenger door open and attempted to escape, only to be caught on Henry as her knot tugged painfully against him. The vixen whimpered, looking down at the point where the two were connected as she grit her teeth. "Shit! Henry! Loosen up! Let me go!" Henry couldn't let go. The pain had returned again and now fear seized him. He began to

involuntarily clench around her knot again, unable to control himself in this horrifying situation. There was another creature that was approaching his car. Something like her, but somehow way worse. Fear began to stink up the car as Olive tugged against him in a futile effort to get away. She whined and yelped in pain as her knot tugged against his hole, unable to be freed. Then, she gave up and stared at the steering wheel. She whimpered and turned to him, shaking him in some desperate attempt to get him to react. "I can't drive stick! Can you move!? HELLO?!" He couldn't move. Henry's body refused to obey him and he was too exhausted to talk. Olive frantically looked around the car, trying to come up with some plan to escape. She whimpered and let out a few nervous barks as the hoofsteps became the only thing that could be heard, each one growing even louder than the last. The suspension of the SUV creaked and groaned in protest as this newcomer came closer before it all stopped, replaced by the sound of heavy breathing and a low, husky chuckle. Then something grabbed the driver's side door. The door screamed in protest as it was torn from its hinges and carelessly tossed away into the road, glass shattering and metal scraping against the road as it skidded away. With his back no longer supported, Henry fell backwards and came face to face with an awful sight. Towering over him was a massive Holstein cow. Though he was disoriented, her looming form was quite easy to see with the backdrop of the setting sun. He could tell she was at least thirteen feet tall give or take and with a massive equine cock which bobbed freely over him. Olive let out a growl but it was far too high pitched to be intimidating. "Back off! This one's mine!" The bovine laughed. It was a deep, rumbling laugh that sounded almost like rolling thunder. "Oh? Is that so carpet? What are you going to do about it?"

Henry's eyes widened as he realized who this cow was. Though her nasally voice was gone and her ear piercing voice was replaced by a low base, he could recognize her. The way she spat the slur out like a bad taste. He couldn't have been certain if it was truly her, but then he saw the leather belt with the shiny .357 revolver tied around her wrist. "Lieutenant?" Mira, or the thing that was Mira, looked down at him and grinned. She reached down with her massive hand and wrapped around his upper body. Her fingers coiling around his neck and shoulders as she lifted him up to eye level, his pants dangled from his feet. Olive, still knotted to him, scrambled for a grip as she desperately tried to pull away from the two. Her hands scraped against the seats in an effort to find purchase. She even latched onto his 12 gauge shotgun but it did little to help her as it detached from the weapon rack. The gun fell onto the seat and she hung upside down in the former human's grip, whimpering as gravity pulled her down, painfully straining her cock as it held her up. Mira smirked at Henry. "Well well, big bad wolf.... You know, calling you big now wouldn't exactly be fair now would it?" Henry choked and sputtered, trying to catch his breath. "Lieutenant, put me down! I can't breathe!" The lieutenant growled low and menacingly at him. "Shut it mutt. I'm in the middle of thinking right now and you're making that really damn hard with all your bitching." She looked down at Olive and huffed in disgust. "Ugh, and you. Sneaky fucking thief. You must be this fuck's friend." Olive shook her head and she quivered like a leaf. "No! No! I don't know him! I was a hitchhiker I-"

"SHUT UP!" Mira's voice boomed over the sniveling fox, instantly cutting her off. Henry's ears rang from the shout, it was as if someone had used a flashbang on him. For a brief moment, all he could see was the bovine's muzzle moving up and down as no words came out. Then, his hearing began to come back. "Fucking mutts! Is that all you're good at?! Yapping and fucking!? Well how about I give you something to scream about!" Before Henry could truly process what was going on, he heard Olive scream below him. He couldn't quite see what was going on, but when he felt the bulb pulling against his ass again and the vixen crying out in fear, he realized what was going on. POP! His entire body went numb for a moment as he felt Olive leave his body.. Her shaft quickly vacated his ass and with it, a torrent of cum which splattered all over the asphalt. It had been so fast, the pain didn't immediately strike him until a few seconds after. Then, the burning sensation he had experienced earlier came back with a vengeance, like a muscle or two had been torn during the process. It was worse as cold air seemed to rush inside him, stimulating nerves that had already been sent into overdrive. Olive fared no better as she screamed and put her hands to her crotch, holding her sore dick as Mira hoisted her up by the tail. It took a moment to realize what was going on but when she did, the vixen's screams died on her tongue as she began to whimper. Mira simply laughed. "Look at you, tiny little thing. You're barely even one of us! How did a fucking shrimp like you overpower him!? He looks like he can rip your fucking head off!"

Olive stammered uselessly as she looked to Henry for help. Henry could only hang from Mira's grip as he struggled to maintain his breathing and pry at the slowly tightening fingers around neck. Despite this however, the wolf was just barely able to utter out his next words as he struggled for his breath. "Let.... Her... Go." Mira stopped, her attention refocusing on Henry. She would have been shocked by his audacity, if not for the fact she was pissed. "What did you say mutt?" Her voice was dangerous and low, daring him to repeat himself. He said it anyways and glared at her as he said it, looking the woman straight in the eyes. "Let her go, Mira. It's me you want! Leave her out of this!" Henry saw the bovine's eyes darken and her grip tighten even more, threatening to choke him out. However, he knew he was right. As much as Mira did hate anthros, she hated him even more because he never gave her his attention. He knew that he even acknowledged her presence because of her rank, and she knew she barely deserved it. Mira snarled at him. "Making a lot of demands for someone in your position." "I know. But I know you hate me. That's why you even bothered coming out this far to track me down. You can't stop fucking thinking about me so you finally dragged your fat ass out of the office." Something snapped in her, he saw it in her eyes. Some last bit of restraint or maybe his words wounded her pride, but whatever it was, it pissed her off. He saw her nostrils flare out as she gripped him even tighter and shouted. "OH FUCK YOU PELT!"

Then, he watched as Mira threw Olive back into the SUV. The passenger door bent outwards and spider web-like cracks covered the window the vixen slammed into it. She moaned in pain and curled up in the passenger seat, shivering with fear. Completely petrified, all she could do was stare at them as the scene unfolded. Henry felt something spark within him. An inferno of rage he had not felt in a long time was reawakened inside him.Heat spreading through his body as the cogs in his mind clicked together again. His body, previously unresponsive, was now fully under his control. With one hand on his neck, Mira grabbed one of his legs and pulled it up towards her. It was the leg that still had his pants dangling on it, along with all his equipment. She snarled at him, her nose snorting hot air on him as she positioned his wet sloppy hole over her cock. "After I'm done making sure nobody else can fuck you, I'm going to skin that bitch of yours alive!" Henry reached down for his pants where his belt was. His hands, wrapped around his canister of pepper spray and he pulled it free from its pouch. With a quick, lightning fast motion, he angled it right at her eyes. A quick pull of the trigger sent a spray of condensed capsaicin directly into her eyes. Mira let go of him, startled by the attack as her hands went to her face, trying to wipe the burning liquid from it as she wheezed and coughed. Henry landed hard on his tail, bringing a tear to his eye but he knew better than to stay there. He began to scramble backwards, crawling away from her as she violently stomped the ground where he landed in an effort to get him. His pants were getting in the way of his efforts. Henry rolled backwards, just barely managing to escape another stomp and slipped free of his pants as he got to his feet with ease. Still blinded and disoriented, Mira turned his back to him, exposing

her blind spot to him. Thousands of years of instinct took hold of him, instructing him what to do as he ran forward. The wolf dropped his pepperspray, snatching his service pistol from his belt as he jumped on her back and he sank his teeth into her neck. Mira let out a startled cry and tried to swat him away. A massive hand hit his side but he did not relent as he violently thrashed his head side to side. Warm fresh blood and fur filled his mouth as he teeth tore away at her and finally, ripped a chunk of flesh off. He swore he could see her spine under the muscle and blood as the red meat around it tensed. Mira yelled and fell backwards in an attempt to crush him but he simply jumped on top of the car as she slammed into the pavement. Her teary, bloodshot eyes stared up at him with shock. He snarled at her, deep and angry growl echoing through his chest as he swallowed the hunk of meat in his mouth. It was the best cut of meat he had ever eaten. Mira yelled at him but before she could really open her mouth, Henry aimed his pistol at her face. She covered her eyes with both hands and left her neck exposed. Before she could do anything else, Henry shot a round into her exposed neck. He watched the pinprick of blood blossom into a crimson flower as it hit an artery, causing a huge gout of blood to squirt out. Mira let out a surprise, choking as one of her hands went for her neck, desperately trying to staunch the bleeding. In a motion faster than he had anticipated, Mira managed to flip onto her stomach and, using three of her limbs, spun around so that her powerful legs were pointing at the car. Now, he was on the defensive. She kicked the car, topping it over onto its side and sending it off the road. Henry could barely move fast enough as glass was smashed and screamed as his SUV skidded through the dirt. Moment ripped his pistol from his grip and he fell forward into the car, landing on top of Olive. She moaned in pain as things in the car were thrown about. Items flew everywhere as the car rolled down a slight incline and into a grassy ditch, coming to an abrupt halt. The passenger side of the car was now

stuck in the ditch, the driver's side still facing towards the sky. Henry looked at Olive, trying to figure out how she was doing. There was nothing but fear in her eyes as she tried to scramble away from him. The sound of cloven hooves was picked up by both of the canines. She let out a terrified squeak and covered her ears, huddling into a ball of orange fur. Henry didn't panic and instead, grabbed the shotgun that had been tossed around the car, flicking it safety off and cambering a 12 gauge shell. He shouldered it and aimed the barrel of the shotgun up at the driver's side window, right as Mira looked over the edge. That second of time seemed to stretch on forever. He saw her eyes widen and pupils dilate as she realized her mistake. His hands tightened around the polymer forestock and pistol grip as he pulled the trigger. He could hear the mechanical click inside the gun as the mechanisms within were sent in motion. The sound of springs being released and the hammer moving along inside before a small metallic ping as the firing pin struck the shell's primer. He barely felt the gun kick back against him as the blast of the shotgun set things back into motion, its sharp retort ringing throughout the car. Mira's face exploded in a shower of gore and viscera as buckshot tore through it. Henry's ears buzzed from the sound of the shot as he pumped the shotgun and ejected the spent shell. Five shells left. The giant bovine stumbled backwards away from the car, clutching her face as blood trickled through the cracks in her fingers. Henry grabbed the shotgun's strap and slung it over his shoulder as he jumped up, and pulled himself out of the car. When he climbed out, he watched Mira sputter something through her bloodied hands. It didn't matter to Henry. He raised his shotgun again and pulled the trigger. This time, her hand exploded, a few fingers flying off as the spray of buckshot hit her again. Mira screamed and looked up to him, registering the situation she was in. Not knowing which bleeding wound to grasp and clearly outmatched, she tried to run back in the direction of Grimshaw, her hooves tearing up the road as she ran. Henry snarled as he ejected another spent shell. Four left now.

He aimed his gun again and pulled the trigger, sending a blast of buckshot directly into her calf. She screamed and toppled over into the road, cracks formed where she collapsed as she looked at her shredded leg in horror. Henry pumped the shotgun again as he began to walk towards her, the shell clattered onto the road. Mira made an attempt to get up but cried out as soon as she put pressure on her leg. She looked at Henry as she tried to crawl away. He watched as her hooves and limbs scraped against the hard road, barely making any progress as blood trailed behind her. Wounded prey, scrambling to cling onto life for one more second. Realizing she couldn't escape, she rolled onto her back and raised a hand. "H-Henry! Don't kill me! I don't want to die!" Her voice was different now. The confidence and ferocity she had shown him earlier, was replaced by absolute fear now that she realized she was in the presence of a predator. Through the bloody hand that gripped her face and staunch the bleeding, he saw tears streaming down her eyes as she shook. Her free hand was raised in front of her in a gesture of surrender. It was a pathetic display, even for someone as miserable as Mira. Henry snorted as he leveled his gun at her and pulled the trigger again. Her head was jerked back as buckshot slammed into it. However, she wasn't dead. The fight had been taken out of her and all she could do was lay uselessly on the road as she choked and sputtered. Henry ejected the smoking shell and casually walked up to her. Coming to the right side of her head, he got a closer look at the damages he had inflicted. The two near point blank blasts with the shotgun had completely shredded her face. Her teeth were exposed and stuck in a perpetual grimace of pain without her muzzle to hide them anymore. Henry simply raised his shotgun again, and fired one last time.

Mira jerked, then stopped moving, a final sputtering sigh escaping her body as she went limp. Sprawled out on the highway, her body leaking crimson fluid all around her. Henry couldn't help but feel a little hollow in the end. Despite this battle he had taken part in and who she was, he couldn't help but equate this act to putting down a rabid animal. She didn't deserve the dignity of being called a true opponent, even now. He sighed as he flicked the safety on his shotgun and turned around, walking back to the overturned SUV. As soon as he reached it, he grabbed his pants where they had been abandoned and pulled it up his legs, zipping it up and buckling it all back in place. Henry turned his attention to the SUV. "Olive? Are you okay?" "Please! I'm sorry about earlier! Don't hurt me!" Henry's ears folded back, a small pang of hurt flowing through him as he set his shotgun on the ground and climbed on top of the SUV. He saw Olivia inside the car, her ears pinned to her head as she curled into a little ball, clinging to the passenger seat cushions. One of her sky blue eyes looked back up at him through a brown lock of hair, a tear fell down it as she looked at him in abject terror. He waved to her, motioning her to stand up. "Olive, it's not safe here, can you move?" "Please Henry! I'm sorry!" She began to cry, great big sobs leaving her as she dry heaved. "I didn't mean anything earlier!" "Olive! I'm not going to hurt you! I promise!"

Olive looked up to him, still sniveling and quaking, but she saw him again with that tired, friendly expression. He extended an empty hand to her and she flinched. "It's going to be okay. Come on, let's get you out of there." She stared at him, trying to read his intent before she stood up on shaky legs. Extending her hand to him, she took hold of his and he hoisted her up. The vixen let out a small squeak as he pulled her out of the car and gently set her down on the grass. She stood there for a moment, unsure what to do as Henry reached back into the car, and retrieved his shirt before jumping back into the grass. He walked over to her and the vixen shut her eyes and shrank back a little as he wrapped his shirt around her. It fit but it was clearly a little too big for her. Olive looked down at the shirt and pulled at the edges, covering herself. "T-thank you." Henry nodded and picked up his shotgun, slinging it over his shoulder before going around to the back of the car and popping open the trunk. He grabbed her backpack from the mess and went back to her. "We're not too far away from Grimshaw. Its just a short walk from here, we'll make it in an hour or so give or take. Can you walk? Are you hurt?" Olive shook her head. "I'm... Just a little shaken up but I can keep moving." "Good." He adjusted the straps of the backpack and walked back onto the highway. "Let's get moving. I'd rather not sit around here and wait for things to get worse." As he walked back towards Mira, he heard the light pitter patter of Olive's steps on the road. When

they came back to the body, Olive whimpered and turned around, unable to look at the gory mess. Henry on the other hand, eyed the belt that was tied around Mira's wrist. He climbed onto her body and unlatched the buckle, freeing it before climbing off. Pulling the gun from the holster, he inspected it a little closer. It was a beautiful weapon, a police revolver that dated from a few years back. It must have been some kind of family heirloom, lovingly cared for and used by generations of officers prior to it before it was passed along to Mira. Henry discarded his empty holster and replaced it with the one from Mira's belt. He looked at his fresh side arm, admiring it for a moment in the sunlight before turning back to the road. Olive was standing a few feet away, taking in deep breaths as she shivered. The sound of his footsteps caught her attention and she refused to look at him as she rejoined him. For a while, the two walked side by side in silence, neither one of them talking to the other. Henry was a little too busy trying not to scare her any further as well as keeping an eye out for danger. Then, she spoke. "H... Henry? Why are you being nice to me?" "Hmmm?" He turned to her and cocked his head in confusion. While she still flinched at the sight of his blood spattered face, she didn't look away. "What do you mean?" "I mean... I raped you right? I humiliated you and yet... You defended me and now you're taking me back to town like nothing happened." Henry shrugged. "It's... Part of my job. Protect and serve."

"Henry! Please don't brush this off! Why are you going through all this trouble?" She looked at him with earnest eyes and his ears folded back. He sighed as his shoulders sagged a little. "Okay, I'll be honest... I admit, you're the only girl who ever touched me like that... Or was able to look at my face for more than a few seconds at a time... Or kiss me." "What?" "Look at me Olive." He gestured to himself, the scars that decorated his face and his imposing form. "Whenever anybody sees me, they see a big scary wolf. The old enemy from the White North territories that everybody fears. Nobody ever wanted to be my friend or even be in the same room as me. Until you at least." "I... I mean, when I changed, my outlook was completely different-" Henry held an arm up and cut her off. "Even then, the way you looked at me, I felt something I genuinely never felt before. You saw me and you didn't see this dangerous wolf. You saw a guy you wanted to kiss and fuck. I never had that happen to me before." Olive blushed, her tail swaying behind her. "So.... Do you like me?" His cheeks heated up a little as he rubbed the back of his head nervously. "Yeah, I like you. You're kinda rough but that's not exactly a deal breaker."

The vixen nodded and chuckled to herself. He turned to her and cocked his head. "What's so funny?" She sighed and looked at him, her warm expression was back but there was also a hint of apprehension to it. "When I smelled you in the car and how aroused I made you, I was working up the courage to ask you out." "You... Really?" "Why not?" She shrugged and sighed. "You're not all that hard looking on the eyes and I'll admit I... Oh gosh." A brush overtook her and she covered her face, groaning into her hands. Henry nudged her. "Come on! Tell me what I was doing right! I need to take notes here." Olive giggled, holding her face in her hands as she squeaked and looked up at him. "You remind me of the main character's anthro love interest from The Frozen Field. This big wolf chieftain named Obsidian. He was sooo hot." "Movie or book version?" "The book, I-" She paused, looking at him in surprise. "Wait, what? You know about the series?"

Henry grinned at her sheepishly. "I know I'm probably not the intended audience but... I was curious so I decided to read the books. I admit, it's not my favorite but at least it's one of the few books that doesn't paint the wolves from White North as bloodthirsty animals." By now, Henry swore he could see the blush glowing through her fur as she buried her face in her hands. He chuckled and leaned over, nipping at the tip of her ear. She gasped, looking up at him gobsmacked as her tail flicked behind her for a moment. Then, she hugged him. His shirt slid off her body like a cocoon as she nuzzled his chest and let out a happy whine. Henry happily embraced her, wrapping his arms around her protectively as he rested his head on top of hers. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Henry stepped back into his home, leaving his bike in the entry way as he made for the staircase. He could see his mother down the hall in the living room, sitting in a chair and stroking his father's head as he rested on her lap. It was a strange sight, watching the bigger wolf lay his head on his mate's lap like a pup. They whispered things to each other. Henry's father, whose voice was usually gruff and loud, spoke in a soft tone as the dog continued to pet him. Regardless, Henry knew better than to interfere with their matters. This was usually how they settled any disputes in the house. He wiped his paws off on the doorstep before walking up the stairs. The floor creaked under him and his mother called out to him. "Henry! Take a shower and brush your teeth! Okay?" "Okay mom." He walked into the bathroom and flicked the light switch. The old incandescent bulb sputtered,

flashes of light briefly illuminating the room before settling down with a loud buzz. Henry was greeted by the sight of his own face. It was covered with open cuts, a few missing patches of fur revealing ugly purple bruises underneath, most of them were fresh. The right eye where he had been kicked earlier in the day was completely swollen shut now. He didn't flinch at the sight of all his injuries. By now, this by far wasn't the worst he beating he had ever experienced. Of course, that didn't stop him from feeling a burning self hatred from within his gut. A hatred for the wolf in the mirror that stared back at him. He could imagine why the other kids disliked him so much. Henry reached for the sink and turned it on, letting the water run over his bruised knuckles as red tinted water poured down the drain. It wasn't his blood. One hot shower and some bandages later, he now laid in a bed in a room slightly larger than a broom closet. An ice pack rested over his swollen right eye as he stared up at the ceiling. The window over his bed, moonlight shining through and casting eerie shadows throughout the room. He laid there, listening as the house creaked and groaned, unable to sleep. Partially from the pain, but also from the shame of what he had done. Someone knocked at his door, his ear flicked as his father opened it, casting yellowish light over him. The old wolf sighed as he came inside and sat down on Henry's rickety bed. "Henry, I need to talk to you... About... Well, earlier." Henry remained silent, as he father let out a deep sigh and looked at his paws with a forlorn expression. "I've been discussing things with your mother and I admit, I took things too far earlier. I shouldn't have put you through that. I'm sorry Henry."

The old wolf looked to Henry briefly before he continued. "I love you and your mother. I'd never hit either of you or call you two anything but your names. Not like my old man, the useless bastard. Drank away his paychecks, beat me and my mother. I swear if I didn't run away I would have killed him before the cancer could." John paused stared at the door, as if expecting someone to come in. Satisfied no one was there however, he re-continued his story. "I spent so many years going nowhere Henry. I was directionless and full of anger just like him. I would have become him were it not for your mother." An expression Henry Seldom saw in his father, genuine warmth, crossed the wolf's graying muzzle. "She came to my rescue when I thought I was beyond saving. Starving, drunk, cold and halfway to the other side in some back alley in the ass end of nowhere. She put me on my feet again. Taught me how to live and act like a decent person." His father looked down at him. While Henry's father never did really smile at him, he did have a look that told Henry he was afraid. That slight tremble in the old wolf's lip or the nervous glance as if he expected a threat to materialize from nowhere or bad news to come rushing at him. "I owe her everything, even if she tells me otherwise. She means the world to me and I don't know where I'd be without her but here's the thing. There's something about us she doesn't understand about you or me because she's a dog. Our ancestors are from the same branch but they are different from us in every possible way." He waved his hand, trying to gesticulate to Henry what he was getting at. Henry didn't quite understand what his father was trying to show him as he carried on with his speech. "You mom tells me the times are changing and that not everybody sees us wolves as the dangerous animals that used to

hunt them. As much as I like to believe her, we both know that isn't true. They'll always hate us. It's how they survived to walk on two legs." He shook his head. "We're not dogs Henry. This world is never going to treat us like we belong because of what we are deep down inside." The old wolf stood up and walked to the door but he didn't leave just yet. He stood in the doorway and leaned against the frame. "I don't know how you'll live your life Henry. Maybe you'll grow up and become a successful business man. Maybe you'll find a nice girl who will love you for who you are. But regardless, you can never forget what you are. You are a wolf. You need to be strong so that you can care for your mate, your pups, and yourself." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 5 years later... Henry adjusted the leather harness around his chest as he watched the owner of the Falls End General store, an older Elk woman who he referred to as Ms Horton, load another box full of canned peaches into his sled. His breath steamed in the cold crisp air as he panted, the collar around his neck jangled each time he breathed in and out. All around him, giantesses with thick fur marched to and from work, some dragging their feet as they went along. A few of them wore winter coats but those were the ones that either couldn't grow a coat, or didn't take the genetic modifications to enable their bodies to do so. Falls End was one of those interesting places in the new world order. IT somehow changed so much and yet, remained similar to the way things were before. Many of the girls that lived in Falls End were wolves or other creatures suited for harsh, snowy conditions. Most of them probably lived here all their lives and still had the same jobs they had always had even before t-day. The only real difference

now was that some of the females were doing the work their husbands did. Those former men in question now handled the work the giantesses didn't want to do or didn't have time to. This was mostly helping their lovers relax after a long day at work with a warm meal and a good fuck. Aside from that, people were too cold and too busy with work to really indulge themselves, save for the fortunate few that worked in heated offices or the tourists in their resorts. He sled shifted once more as Ms Horton loaded the last item he was expected to pick up, smoked salmon that had been produced exactly two miles away from his current position. The older Elk woman grunted, dusting her hands as she looked over a clipboard one more time as she read it over before nodding. "Alright, that's everything your mistress ordered, now move along." Henry held up a hand, causing the Ms Horton to stop in her tracks. "Wait, I have something for you ma'am." Her eyebrow raised in amusement as Henry reached into a side pouch and pulled out a paperback book. Ms Horton's eyebrows instantly lit up at the sight of it and she eagerly snatched it from him, looking it over as if it were a precious gem. The book in question was written by Olive, one of her latest in a series of raunchy romance novels. It was a series that was loosely based around their lives, with some elements changed to be more appealing to a broader audience. Mostly the amount of abuse the fictional counterpart for him suffered as he accompanied the story's protagonist on her adventures. The vixen had autographed this copy of the book and wrote a personal message to Ms Horton, knowing how much the woman adored the work. He smiled at her and waved. "Have a good day Ms Horton!" "You too Henry!"

The wolf couldn't help but chuckle to himself when he heard her call him by his name. Usually, she did that whenever she was in a good mood. He adjusted the straps once more, and began to run. The thick snow crunched under his paws and the sled dragged noisily behind him as he hauled that week's groceries back towards home. A few of the workers looked up at him, some smiling and ogling him as he ran naked in the snow. Henry of course, had to wonder just what they could possibly see under his gigantic winter coat. Of course, there was the off chance some of the more sadistic ones viewed it as some kind of humiliating act. This was the job of a sled dog after all and for a big strong wolf like him to be reduced to such a state would be embarrassing. However, Henry didn't view it that way. Even if the act was something a dog was tasked with, feeding one's mistress was the responsibility of every male regardless of their species. If hauling a cart loaded with groceries was required to fulfill that task, he would happily do it. Of course, the task was obviously very humiliating for some. As he ran towards the edge of town, he passed by a few fellow males who also were tasked with hauling sleds around too. Most of them ran in pairs as they hauled around supplies but some ran in small teams as they transported some of the more well to do giantesses who barked orders at them to run. All of these men wore bondage gear of some kind. Restraints to keep their hands behind their backs and ball gags were some of the most common accessories for these sled toys but that wasn't the dirtiest of it. Some of the more unfortunate toys had to go on all fours with something lodged up their ass, usually a butt plug of some kind. It was all very depraved but at the same time, it still served some kind of utilitarian purpose. Even the toys had jobs to do other than just serve as a warm hole for their mistresses. Henry kept running towards the wall of trees that surrounded Falls End. The trail back home

wouldn't be too far away as it ran towards the less densely populated outskirts of the town. Running through the forest was the quicker way back, even if it was slightly more treacherous. As he continued on his run, he passed by a few recently posted signs, warning of the presence of ferals in the woods and White North Huntresses operating in the area. Henry raised an eyebrow at them but didn't find it strange or that concerning. This was around that time of year when migrating ferals would pass through the area considering winter was rapidly approaching. A sighting of one feral didn't usually warrant any significant alarm unless they were big or traveled in a massive group. Without the sophisticated defenses the mega cities had, the people made due with what they had. Usually, local huntresses would handle the problem, assembling small hunting teams to take care of the problem. If the White North Huntresses were involved, then this feral problem was serious. His pace slowed a little when his paws met the snowy trail. The air was thick with the scent of fresh musk, probably an hour old at best. A thick and dense wall of trees surrounded him on all sides, choking his vision. This place would have been the perfect spot for an ambush. He paused, contemplating whether or not he should continue down the path. Henry had dealt his fair share of dealing with ferals when it came to protecting Olive. The little fox, despite her new body and altered mindset was squeamish. She could barely make a fist, hold a weapon despite her immense strength. Though they fortunately almost never had to deal with ferals like most other settlements in White North, the threat was always ever present. However, he decided that so long as he moved fast, he shouldn't run into any problems. If he did, he would have to make due with what he had. As he ventured deeper into the woods, he smelled it. Fresh blood. Henry immediately froze in place, his ears turning in every direction as he tried to find out where the odor was coming from. He realized coming here probably wasn't the best idea but it was already too late to turn around. There was

the sound of thunderous footsteps and someone dragging along something wet and heavy along the snowy ground. He felt his tail pin itself to his rump as his ears folded back, ready to either fight or run. That was when he saw the huntress coming out of the trees. An massive arctic wolf with a nearly pristine white fur coat, save for the red blood that stains and the blue face paint she used to show her allegiance to the White North huntresses. The wolfess had to be at least twenty feet tall, her stature was absolutely intimidating. Behind her, she dragged a body on a sled that was cloaked in a thick canvas tarp. Out of the covers stuck the thick, bushy tail of a squirrel as it dragged alongside the cart. Slung over the huntress's shoulder was a massive bow and a quiver full of arrows, the preferred weapon of choice. She was beautiful, like some kind of warrior goddess straight out of folktale, here in this world to participate in glorious combat. At her feet were two male wolves, one with gray fur and the other with white fur. They followed her diligently, their spears held firmly at their sides as they shadowed her every movement. The moment they all caught sight of each other, Henry immediately fell prostrate before them as expected. The wolfess paused for a moment, seemingly taken aback by his unexpected presence before she quietly approached him. Her two toys trailed behind her, weapons raised in caution. If he was lucky, she'd just make him suck her off and if not... Well, he'd have to live in a wolf camp for a few days before they let him go back home. He felt her breath against the back of his neck as she took in his scent. It smelled horrible, unwashed for who knows how long and tainted with blood from her recent kill. The wolfess snorted as she put a hand under his chin and tilted his head up, forcing him to look into her eyes as she inspected the tag on his collar. She had green eyes that seemed to pierce into his soul as she looked him over. Her toys eyed him curiously, sniffing the air as they leaned in a little to try and sneak a quick sniff. She whispered. "Kin."

Before he could contemplate what that meant, he heard her huff before she turned around and reached under the tarp with her free hand. Henry heard the sound of claws tearing through flesh and a wet squish before her hand touched the left side of his face. Her touch was wet, sticky, but warm. The rich scent of blood filled his nose as she began to paint his face with blood. Each time she touched him, he couldn't help but flinch a little as she continued her work with those powerful hands. Then she stood up straight, satisfied with his new look before returning to her previous task of hauling the squirrel carcass off. The toys wordlessly obeyed her, running alongside the giantess as she casually walked away. Henry touched the side of his face and drew it back as he looked at the red stain that coated his finger tips. While a little disgusted, he couldn't help but feel a little confused. He had just received a mark of protection. Of course, huntress often painted these on hapless fools that found themselves lost in feral infested woods but they didn't paint these for free. A giantess might have to give up a few prized toys to pay the debt but a toy would have had to pleasure her until she was satisfied. The fact she didn't immediately demand him to repay her generosity on the spot was strange enough but then there was the fact she called him kin. He was happy he would have safe passage through the woods, but there was no doubt she would want to collect on this debt later. His journey was uneventful as he continued on, making his way back home. The snow covered evergreens soon parted around him as he walked into the clearing where a cabin was. Their place was a nice one, a rustic vacation home full of modern amenities. It had been there from before the war, probably someone's vacation home that hadn't been used for a long time. The two had found it when they moved up to Falls End, forgotten and untouched by the giants as they rebuilt the world in their

image. It had taken some work for them to remodel the house so that they could live inside comfortably but in the end, it was worth it. They had their little slice of heaven. As he approached the house, he could smell the roast he had left cooking inside. The savory aroma of the venison filled his nose and he couldn't help but salivate as he undid his harness and unloaded the sled. With the groceries in his arms, he walked up the stairs and entered through the front door. He was immediately greeted by the sound of paws running down the hallway and the familiar vixen in one of his T-shirts. It was way too big for her and it clung to her awkwardly, even with her massive breasts. Olive smiled at him before her jaw dropped and she took a step back. "Henry! You're covered in blood!" He chuckled as he turned into the kitchen and set the produce down on a counter. "Yeah, I ran into a huntress on the way here. She painted me but nothing came of it. I'm fine, honestly." She winced as her hands fidgeted together, clearly put off by the blood on his face. Out of all the things he had seen over the years, a squeamish giantess was probably one of the strangest among them. Of course, Olive wasn't exactly a giantess per say but he didn't mind that his wife was that way. It just meant it was his responsibility to do the dirty, bloody work she couldn't handle. Henry sighed as he went over to the sink and began washing away the crimson stains. Olive coughed, getting his attention. "Your parents sent you a card. They'll be here next week to visit with their kids right?" Henry's ears perked up and he nodded as he grabbed a nearby dish cloth and began wiping his muzzle. "Yeah, I'll need to pick up more meat from the hunters before its too late. Can't let it end up like last year."

Surprisingly, both his parents had survived the T-day and unlike so many other couples. His father was still treated roughly by his mate but compared to most other toys, the old wolf seemed content with the life he had now. He still had his loving wife and he had a son that managed to escape the pain that had tormented their bloodline for so many generations. There was nothing more the old wolf could have wanted.... Aside from maybe another litter of pups. Henry shuddered as he remembered last year when their voracious pups ate everything and demanded seconds, thirds, and fourths along with dessert. His mother, being the large woman she was, was forced to restrain herself despite her grumbling stomach to save more of the feast for her mate who was eating for three. Olive sighed as she hugged him from behind, resting a chin against his shoulder. Despite being encouraged to increase her size by her various peers, she preferred staying at the same height she had been since the change. It made conversations awkward when pretty much every girl asked why she wanted a toy that was larger than her. In the end however, she didn't care what they thought. So long as she was happy, she was fine with being shorter than him. Of course, it didn't mean that she wasn't the dominant one in the relationship. Henry chuckled. "What's wrong? Writers block?" The vixen nodded as she held him a little tighter. He put a hand to hers and sighed. "Is there anything I can do to help?" "Yeah... I could really use some help unwinding."

He felt something poke against the back of his leg and he couldn't help but let out a soft chuckle as he turned to her. "You know that huntress is definitely coming over later right?" She nodded as she rested her arms on his shoulder and grinded her hard length against his leg. "Yeah, I know. But I really need this Henry. I need you~" Henry sighed as he looked at the roast cooking in the oven. It wouldn't be done for a while. He chuckled as he leaned into her and kissed the vixen on the muzzle. She moaned, pressing her maw into his before they pulled away from each other. He smiled. "Alright then, let's have some fun." Olive smiled as she gently grabbed him by the hands, and pulled him towards the bedroom.
