"Huff~"

Who ever said that the life of a male was easy? Nobody of course, that's just the type of world and society this is. But that's the way it's meant to be, and it's no different for Marcus. Dressed in his school uniform, the Fox trudges up the long flight of steps, carrying a large object on his back. A lunch box, one that from his meagre perspective seems enough to feed a small family at dinner time. How is he going to eat all of this himself? What an idiotic question. Just because males are able to fit a lot in their bellies, the assumption that they get to eat regular food is laughable to those in the know. A male in this society generally only has one main staple, fed directly from their owners, and it's definitely nowhere as delectable as the savoury meal that can be smelt from the heavy box on his back. While the taste leaves much to be desired though, it's without question that his own meals are filling and nutritious, for his kind at least. It's enough to help them maintain the endurance that's much needed for the daily life of a male like himself, unfortunately it doesn't help them at all to build the strength necessary to overcome such a lifestyle. Such is why Marcus is already sweating as he totes the lunchbox, each step up the dark stairway taxing his durable yet frail body. But he has to do it, since the consequences will be worse if he doesn't bring this food for who it's really meant for.

"I gained another inch on my girth." "I stopped using tapes a while ago, now I just go by how hard he chokes." "Yeah, lucky you, Jen."

Still, successfully completing his task doesn't bring him much peace of mind, in fact he feels remorse for the journey here coming to an end as he hears the chatter of familiar voices in his big fox ears before he's even opened the metal door. As the light of the sun spills in and clears the darkness of the stairway, a wide roof opens up in Marcus' view. Now obviously, students aren't allowed to loiter on the roof of such a tall building for their own safety. Though that doesn't stop situations like this where three female students are sitting and chatting away, one of whom Marcus is very, intimately familiar with.

"Finally, I was about to starve waiting on you!" ( •̀ Д •́ ) =3 "Whadya expect from such a lanky lil' pipsqueak?"

As expected of females, their large size makes Marcus think that they'd come out just fine even if they were to somehow fall off the room. There's three of them and any one of them is at the very least twice his own height. And to think that among females they're still considered below average. And they're not lanky or lacking like he is by any means, they have all the necessary curves and even a bit extra in some places, all properly accentuated by their clothing that's definitely no within regulation. But that's only natural, in the first place, only the "education" of the males in this school is strict, the dominant girls get to learn and study whatever they want while them, the subs, only have one form of education that will carry them through their inevitably miserable lives. Males like Marcus have already accepted this as a matter of fact though, it's not like they have much of a choice anyway. Hence why what he's doing is but a natural routine, similar to how she complains every single time, after which he's mocked by her friends for being a slowpoke and a loser. Toting the food that's made him hungry the whole way along with it's delicious smell that's forever out of reach, Marcus naturally lowers his fox head in submission as he approaches his unofficial owner.

"You know what's gonna happen if I get any egg shells this time." "Eh, now I'm hoping there is some." ( ✧ ∀✧ )

The high and mighty attitude of a brat even at her adult age. As he gets close in front of her for her to roughly snatch the lunch box off his back, Marcus instead finds himself weighed down by her mere presence. He wouldn't even reach her broad hips if she were standing up, not even while on his tippy toes with his fox ears sticking all the way up. Said broad hips are supported by long and thick legs covered in dark brown fur and ending in big hare's feet. A slightly slim waist and a large bust completes her hourglass figure, such a mature figure though is contrasted by her bratty style of wearing short twin tails in her slightly curly hair, one with red highlights and the other with blue. Her species is ninety percent Lagomorph which also explains the large bunny-like ears atop her head and the slightly adorable features of her face of similar dark brown fur. There's nothing adorable about the females of this society though, as Marcus has already experience aplenty having(unwillingly) been her little gopher/slave for a while now. He's no less scared of her than the first day she boldly claimed him as her own pet, her pearly whites showing against her dark fur as she smiles while opening the lunch box doesn't fool him into thinking that she, Jenny, is any less of a mean bitch than her two friend besides her or any of the other females in school for that matter!

"Ugh~"

Be that as it may, his hunger acts up again the moment the smell of the food in the box spills out. Food that he'd painstakingly prepared himself in such a large portion. It would have been nice if he could have eaten some of it, he'd only gotten to taste test it to make sure that it was up to her ridiculous standards, which is always a bad time as it constantly reminds him of what he's missing out on as a male. As Jenny begins to dig into the lunch box without a word of thanks, as one would expect, the small Fox's stomach just continues to complain while her friends as well resume their lunch like he's not there. Quickly succumbing to his own hunger, the lupine young man has no choice but to seek out his own sustenance, looking down at the thing that makes his belly churn more than growl.

"Man, you little shits are so high maintenance, I just fed you this morning." ( ¬ Д ¬)

Marcus of course agrees as he himself would have been the most happy to not have to consume that so often. Unfortunately, it's part of his very genes as a male to digest that stuff so quickly, it's an evolutionary trait developed through generations of males trying to keep up with how quickly that stuff is produced by the females. Of course, Jenny isn't actually annoyed by the little fox's hunger, such a thing is only to their benefit as females, such is why she enthusiastically spreads her thick dark legs despite her feigned annoyance. That way Marcus is afforded an even better look at the thing that's making his belly both growl and churn. As though she goes out of her way to dress as inappropriately as possible, it doesn't take much movement to show of Jenny's fat junk that hadn't been hidden at all below her incredibly short skirt. A bulge so prominent that Marcus always has to wonder what females' panties are made of to hold such large masses, and the messed up part is that it's mainly just her balls creating such a fat bulge! Jenny is chomping away at her lunch while using one hand to shift her panties aside, and in doing so, not only is the full form of her gargantuan genitals revealed but the smell that's been flowing into his face ever since she spread open her legs gets a slight bit stronger as well!

"So just because you have your own pet means you're just not gonna wash your nuts huh?" "Isn't that what he's for?" ( ^ w ^ )✧ "Hunff, mnffnf~"

It's of course the pungent odour of a woman's barely washed crotch. In saying this, the main difference between a male's crotch odour and a female's crotch odour lies mainly in the sheer disparity in pungency and potency that's almost as much as the sheer gulf in overall size between the two! The stifling odour of dick and balls that smell like they've been trapped in coveralls for a day instead of thin panties. The shape of her dark balls is round and full, each nut in her sack is as big as Marcus's own skull, likely even bigger. The pair of fat balls sitting between her thick bunny thighs are the most responsible for the pungent odour of girl musk, however it's not to say that her unwashed dick is that much better. In its current state, it's more of a short, fat, dark stump sitting upon her smelly nuts, a sheath packed with more girl meat than one can imagine. Marcus doesn't have to imagine it though since he's dealt with it more times that he can count, and this time will be no exception as he gulps in the presence of the prevalent crotch musk while watching the meaty monster emerge.

"Leme get some of that." "Get your own." GOKUNGK~ SHLCK~

Jenny's friends clearly aren't bothered by her erection coming to life naked in the open, right between where they're eating their lunch. Marcus on the other hand feels his already smaller stature shrink instinctively as the gargantuan girl cock springs out in front of his own shivering face. The dark of her sheath quickly gives way to a brighter, brownish red head like a thick python emerging from a hole. A fat flare that gets even fatter as it swells, developing a thick, bulbous knob at its tip while more of the shaft emerges behind it. An equine phallus lengthening with each audible pulsation, getting longer and thicker as it bulks up. Soon it's so thick that Marcus feels both his throat and butt clench as he struggles to gulp, both holes having already extensively experienced the monstrous girth that's enough that even Jenny's own large hands can barely grasp hold of it! That's just how monstrous of a horse cock is standing between her thick thighs by the time it's at full mast! It's so long, two feet in length from the insanely bulbous tip to the thick, girthy base where the thickest, pulsating veins climb up the length like tree roots. Marcus always finds himself kneeling before he knows it whenever she pops a massive boner right in front of his face. The shadow of her big schlong is cast on him as it throbs and pulsates loudly in his quivering fox ears. Also cast on him is another smell added on top of the already potent crotch musk, the raw stench of dick so pungent that no male would be able to compare no matter the effort they put in!

GOKUNGK~ GOKUNGK~ "Hufff, gghhuufff~"

The combination of odours is almost stifling enough to make him gasp. Just the thought of her fat cock and smelly balls is enough to make his growling stomach flutter, but now not only is his hunger acting up even more against his wishes, but even his mouth is involuntarily salivating from the thick smell that simultaneously makes him nauseous. The nausea stems mainly from the thought that he's already been so extensively trained as to crave her thick seed just from the mere smell of her unwashed cock and balls. Marcus already knew to an extent that this would be his life as a male in today's society, however it's a different thing to be able to accept a life destined to be nothing but a cock-sucking servant, pet, toy, slave.

"You're lucky my balls have still got some left in the tank." ( ¬ ㅂ¬)╭

More like her balls were already fully packed and ready to be offloaded early into the short couple hours since she last "fed" him. It's crazy to think that a pair of balls so large can be restocked so quickly, it's only then understandable that males have adapted to be "fed" so regularly, such as Marcus who's physical and instinctive hunger forces him to put off his disdain for her fat, throbbing cock. All males must submit inevitably, having already experienced this so many times, Marcus resigns himself and gets up from his kneeling position to grab hold of her unwashed equine prick. Of all the parts of her, why'd this part have to be the non-bunny part? The engorged meat is so hot that Marcus always worries he'll get burned if he holds the pulsating mass for too long. Asking him to let go would be asking too much though as the sheer heft, size and girth of it makes it a struggled for the small fox to handle the pumping phallus even with both his small hands and arms putting in the work. Jenny of course wouldn't help him out, she simply eats her food nonchalantly and chats with her friends as he does his best to yank down the head of her meaty prick to his hungry mouth.

GOKUNGK~ "Ugh~!" GOKUNGK~ "Be careful with that, it's worth way more than your life."

Marcus doesn't see in what possible way he could damage such a behemoth of a girl prick with his meagre strength, there's a couple instances where his frantic handling almost causes him to be sent flying as it throbs with pleasure! The Fox finally has the beyond fat flare of the stiff girl pole in front of his face, where he's immediately assaulted by the thick stench of dick right in his sensitive lupine nose. Clenching his eyes and groaning as his lungs filled with Jenny's dick stink, the hungry and desperate Fox opens his trembling mouth while aiming at the fat bulb where a smelly, slimy fluid has begun to ooze out of the thick hole. The smell is as intense as it can be from right up close, the lupine shape of his face makes it so that his nose touches her sickeningly fat tip before the rest of his face does. The stiff, bulbous flare presses firmly into his nostrils, the hot, slightly moist, textured feeling of it on his nose makes his back tingle, especially as he instinctively breathes through his obstructed nostrils. He'd breathe through his mouth if he hadn't already been trained so hard otherwise, and besides, his mouth is about to be way busier than his huffing nostrils.

SCHLRP~ "Ullnnph~" SHCHK~ SLRP~

The taste is in no way better than the smell, as his lupine tongue becomes coated in the slimy, sticky fluid oozing from her winking dick hole. Countless times savouring it can't spare him from the sickening flavour, the slightly fishy, salty taste of pre-ejaculate squeezed fresh from Jenny's large, smelly balls. It coats his tongue back and front with a single prod, like a sentient slime clinging around his quivering tongue before he's even licked it properly. And of course it soaks deeper into his tastebuds as he does get to licking. The powerful odour of dick and precum in his nose is thick enough that he can taste it even without savouring the literal cock spittle off her engorged prick, the smell and the taste combined form an overwhelming sensory stimulus that's easily more than doubled just smelling or tasting by itself. To smell this stench, to taste this flavour is far from what the Fox would have ever desired, however his own desires have been irrelevant from the very moment he was born male. The Fox therefore has no choice but to let the filthy prick fluid coat his whole mouth as he licks hungrily, both figuratively and literally. This is but the appetizer to the Fox's primary source of nourishment, and he knows better than to waste any of it, for his own sake. Thus, even with his arms fighting against the constant throbbing of Jenny's prick, he noisily laps all over the fat flare like a thirsty mutt begging for a sip. And he gets way more than a sip as one would imagine.

SRLLP-P~ "Hnf~" SLRCHK~ FRRP-P~ "Mnnf ffgh, rife fheer~(Mrn fuck, right there~)" "Don't talk with your mouth full." "Jelish mush(Jealous much)?" ( ¬ )w( ¬) ~ ♥ GOKUNGK~ GOKUNGK~

Small as he may be, every act of his brings stimulus to the Bunny girl's engorged member, the pulsations of her thick, meaty rod reach all the way down to her fat, smelly balls that tense with each lick of the Fox boy's experienced tongue. Despite Jenny enjoying her meal and chatting casually, her building arousal leaks out as more and more hot, slimy, smelly precum pumping in droves through her fat, throbbing cum pipe. Marcus licks desperately but he can barely keep up with her output. His tongue is being pickled in the tangy fluid as he laps and swallows. Eventually he has to suck on it, pressing his lips over and around the pulsating hole of her prick to both stimulate her further as well as slurp up the thickly oozing goo. He's swallowed so much that he can feel it clinging to his spasming throat as a warm feeling settles in his starved belly. His lips are made to feel the same as his tired tongue having amply kissed and licked the hot, engorged mass. Eventually, the amount of precum leaking out is getting more than he can handle, which means it's time for him to milk his own meal.

GOKUNGK~ SHCHK~ "FLFP~"

Just looking at the size of her swollen flare that's almost as broad as his own whole face, anyone would think that such a thing would be impossible to take into his mouth. But of course, the males of this world are literally made for this kind of thing. Marcus' slimy lips slid along the fat bulb of Jenny's precum glazed flare as his mouth gapes astonishingly wide to take her fat tip inside. Of course, even if he's built for it, sucking on such a ridiculously fat knob with his little fox mouth is a tall task and a struggle. But having already gone through it more times than he can count, often with it being forced to fit, Marcus somehow manages. Tears well in his eyes as the Fox feels his small mouth fill with the smelly, salty, oversized girl meat. It audibly pops and squelches into his mouth, following which Jenny's leg twitches slightly as her balls tense harshly, firing a thick, hot spurt of slimy prick spittle into the back of the Fox's stuffed maw and causing him to almost choke before he's even begun to swallow her cock! More tears fall from Marcus's eyes as he endures, retching somewhat as he takes her in deeper and then retching like a madman as he begins forcing his throat over her fat, pulsating rod like a living prick sleeve! The Fox boy's own body constantly tries to fight him against the crazy thing he's trying to do. Years of selective breeding hasn't changed his body's natural reactions as a male, in fact their gag reflex has been purposely maintained to optimal levels, such that the arousing sound of his gagging and choking can be enjoyed by whoever's dick he's trying to swallow. Case in point, the struggle to hold down the bucking behemoth of a prick intensifies as the Fox's throat stimulates Jenny all the way down to her balls, up her spine and back, sending spurt after spurt of hot pre-seed into the Fox boy's stuffing gullet. Such smelly precum hardly has anywhere to go with his throat constantly trying to close itself and deny he prick entry, leading to a lot of cock spittle spilling and oozing from the tiny gaps in his stuffed maw. What it does though is overlubricate the Fox boy's spasming gullet, allowing him to swallow her deeper by force, one way or the other.

GOKUNGK~ SQULRCHK~ "GRHK~!"

Finally it's in, Marcus' face is left unrecognizable, and it's not just because of his clenched, teary eyes. The Fox's throat bulges heavily to the shape of Jenny's thick flare, the squirming pulsations of her engorged meat can be seen in the movements of his neck while the sound of throbbing in his own ears is drowned out by his own choked retching. It's times like this the Fox actually wishes that males were genetically bred not to have uvulas, his is being decimated by pounds of prick meat before he's even swallowed half of the equine member! Retching and choking, his neck convulses and contracts like he's trying to swallow a bowling ball made of tough meat, Marcus's paws shiver as he weakly holds onto the rest of the thick, scorching shaft. With his belly heaving like mad, tears drip thickly from his clenched eyes as he puts any strength he can muster into his arms.

GOKUNGK~ SQUEERLCHK~ "GRLGHK~!" GOKUNGK~ "Hhrrnnff~!" ( ^ )ㅂ( ^)♥

Thank god for all the precum she's been squirting into him all this whole, the slimy swill is just what's needed to aid and slightly alleviate the soreness as he takes the pulsating meat deeper down his naturally stretchy gullet. The sound of the throbbing mass squelching down his retching throat is loud enough to interrupt the girls' conversation, though at this point it's just the Bunny girl's two friends chatting as Jenny's teeth are grit over a mouthful of food. What Marcus is receiving is far beyond what one would consider a mouthful. His throat swells and distends in a thick barrel shape as his lips slide inch by inch along the hot, slick surface of the pulsating shaft. His throat acts like a literal sleeve that encases the girl's long prick, every inch getting coated in more precum than the Fox boy's own saliva as it's forced deeper and deeper. He feels it, the fat flare squelching through his throat, his oesophagus, it fills him up in all sorts of way, the absurdly stiff meatiness, the heat, the stench even. His nose is constantly right up against her engorged shaft, having him inhale the stench of her cock inch by inch right before he's forced to taste it. His tongue tingles with how aggressively it's ground into the hot surface of her meaty shaft. Counting the inches doesn't help make the act any less stressful, no matter how many times he's made to do this, his small mouth and tiny, tight throat cannot get accustomed to such abuse. Eventually a little extra saltiness is added in the form of his own tears dripping onto her shaft as it disappears down the hole he calls a mouth, then yet another hole in his body is breached as the fat flare emerges from his oesophagus with loud squelching pop and settles all the way inside his stomach. And as that happens, the stench of girlish crotch musk that had been hitting him all this while is brough to maximum intensity as his forward facing fox nose is buried in Jenny's thick bush of itchy, unwashed pubes!

"HHRRGHK~!" GOKUNGK~ SHCHK~ "GRGHK~!" GOKUNGK~

Finally, finally he's done it. The Fox doesn't know which is worse, the feeling of his throat packed beyond reason with aggressively throbbing girl cock, or the stench of Jenny's crotch musk literally inside his nose as her bushy pubes poke into his sensitive nostrils. Both make him gag like crazy as his flattened tongue tastes the very base of her fat pole, where the richest flavour of Bunny girl dick scorches his already soiled tastebuds. Her open crotch where his face is buried is warm and stuffy, almost as it is smelly and musky. Just a light throb of the engorged meat causes Marcus's whole body to shiver and buck as he grips on as much as he can to her meaty, open inner thighs. Trying to calm down his gagging and choking is impossible and useless, all he can do now is to try and get her off quickly so that he can settled both her pent-up lust and his increasing physical hunger. For that, all he needs to do is reach back to grab hold of her shivering knees and use the leverage to stroke her fat, smelly pole with his poor tiny throat-

"Urghk, haaah fuck~!" ( ≧ Д ≦ )♥

Never mind, it looks like today is going to be one of those days.

GOKUNGK~ SHCHK~"KRK?!!" KRRRHGHRK~

It always catches him by surprize, Marcus' teary eyes pop open so wide and fast that droplets of tears go flying the same time his own body does the same! A heavy, harsh throb unlike any so far causes Jenny's cock to stiffen and swell inside of him, even more than before, enough that his small feet finally get lifted off the ground as he's simply unable to overcome the strength of her engorged penis! Even his hands almost come off her thighs as he scrambles to grab hold of something while his upper body is lifted in the arching shape of her bobbing prick. Then, before he can try to regain his own balance, a muddy churning noise hits his eardrum as Jenny's fat, musky balls heavily contract! The contraction of her fat balls is accompanied by the swelling of her fat prick pipe, a heavy swelling that bulges all the way up the length, fast enough that Marcus feeling the swelling push apart his jaws further is the only way he could barely keep track of what's now firing off inside of him!

GOKUNGK~ SSSPPPLLLUUUURRRTTT~!!

The first impact is always the most brutal, it catches him by surprize even at this stage and makes his whole body jolt as he feels the hot, viscous, sticky, slimy, hot mass of girl sperm pummel him directly in his flare-filled stomach! Even Jenny's two chatting friends could hear the sound as Jenny's cum blasts the walls of Marcus's small stomach, immediately making it less small as his insides already begin to fill with hot semen! It's like a small pot of the world's thickest gravy, fresh off the stove, being dumped into his stomach all at once. It gushes and erupts from Janny's fat, distended equine dick hole in a thick, creamy, ropey river that spreads all around and submerges her own flare tucked into Marcus's stomach. Just that one spurt alone is enough to make him feel like he's had a proper meal, however it's naturally far from over as already another ball contraction sends a heavy prick pipe distention past his sore lips while the first shot of cum is still glopping and jiggling from the launched impact!

"Damn look at her blow~!" Σ( ° [] °) "Rnngghh~!" ( ≧ 皿 ≦ ) GOKUNGK~ SSSPP-P-PLLUUUUURRRTTTT~! "GRK~! URGHKF~!"

Jenny's friends are stunned at the intensity of her orgasm while the Bunny herself is grunting with a mouthful of food as her balls fire off. Marcus on the other hand can make hardly a sound besides distressed choking as he tries to hold onto her thighs for dear life! Each pulsation of Jenny's fat prick is backed up by a rocket of sperm being launched from her contracting girl nuts, her whole cock bucks upwards while erupting with hot, sticky jizz and Marcus's body naturally goes along with it. His feet are regularly lifted off the ground together with the sound of a ballon being pumped full of viscous slime. It's as though to remind him that even in his largest, regular form, he's still much weaker than just the Bunny girl's engorged penis. He's casually lifted with each audible ejaculation even with the extra increasing weight as his insides are literally filled and flooded with potent sperm like he's some sort of common condom.

SSSPPPUURRRTTTT~ SSPPPLLLRRRRTTTTT~ "Lol, the little guy looks like he's about to pop right off like a bottle rocket." "GRGHK~!" GOKUNGK~ SSSSPLLLUUURRRTTTT~

The commentary from her friends seems to fuel Jenny's ejaculation. The first spurt alone would have been enough to keep him fed for at least a short while, everything after can just be said as overfeeding. With each blast, his belly swells noticeably, though none feels it as much as Marcus himself. It's been said about a dozen times already but a female's fresh load is absurdly hot, creamy, and intensely virile. It churns and roils inside of him like a gelatinous mass that grows and churns more violently each time a following thick spurt is literally pumped into the slimy amalgamation of smelly ball sauce. Marcus feels each and every spurt rushing down into his body through her distended prick pipe that constantly swells and shivers with sperm while sleeved through his upper body. Even the pulsations of her cumming inside of him agitates his tightly packed gullet and makes him gag harder. It also causes his stomach to heave, which further churns the hot and healthy nut stuffing. All Marcus can see is the smelly pubes and crotch stuffing his impaled face, however he can tell that the sight of his once slim belly is becoming less and less pretty by the second. He feels himself growing heavier and heavier, the feeling of being filled and stuffed becomes more intense until eventually-

P-P-P-P-P-P~ GRRGGHHRGH~

The buttons of his specially made boy's uniform give way as they were designed to, causing his shirt to pop open and letting out his naked belly so that the truly bloated state of his stomach can be properly observed. It's only at this point, when he's grown so heavy with her hot sperm that his feet touch the ground more often than not, that Jenny's lengthy and aggressive orgasm finally settles down somewhat.

"Huufff, phhhooooh~" ♥ ♥(>////Д////<)♥ ♥ "Damn, crazy ass load as always." ( ; ¬ x ¬) "I still don't get how these little ass males can take all that." ( Ծ 3 Ծ)

Jenny let's out a post-orgasmic sigh while her friends marvel at the output of her equine balls, again. This is far from the first time that they've witnessed her blow her whole load not long after the Fox got her fat cock stuffed down inside his mouth and throat. From that it could also be inferred how regularly he's made to suck a hot nut from her fat balls during their lunch breaks. It makes sense though considering this is the way he's meant to be fed, and as his provisional owner, Jenny certainly makes sure not to skimp on his portion sizes, clearly to the point of overdoing it. Watching the little Fox bloated up with her hot sperm like that not only makes the other girls jealous for not yet having their own pets but it also makes them wonder what geniuses of the past made it so that such small males have such unmatched nut-guzzling physiques.

GOKUNGK~ SQULRCHK~ "GRLGHKF~! GRK~!"

The one who thinks about this most often is definitely Marcus though, for even now, he feels like the sheer amount of spunk he's "fed" every time is just simply absurd. Even eating all of the girls actual food that they get to eat, in a single sitting, probably still wouldn't make him feel this stuffed. Feet finally properly on the ground now that her fat cock isn't bucking as aggressively, Marcus groans lightly amidst choked gagging as he harbours her fresh hot load like a pregnant woman. Still connected at the base of her cock by his impaled mouth, the post-ejaculate pulsations of her veiny shaft massage his tongue, the inside of his mouth and the entire length of his throat and oesophagus while he massages his own belly with one hand. He can feel the heat of her load filling him that's greater than his own body temperature. Just a simple caress with his fingers causes the semen inside of him to ripple as one large, gelatinous mass that causes his belly to really feel like a tightly inflated balloon. At this point, he's really no different from a used condom, something that's long gone out of style in the current era. The amount of semen is just ridiculous, it's a quantity that can keep him up for a few hours at the very least. Of course, it would be laughable to assume this means that his duties are done. Especially with a certain Bunny girl having been riled up by her friends' glazing.

"Huff, you bitches ain't seen nothing yet~!" ( ✧ 皿✧ ) PLAP~ "GRK?!"

Marcus is startled as Jenny folds her open legs back to mash her massive hare's feet right on his tiny shoulders! Though he really ought not to be startled at this point, considering how often he's learned that his treatment is constantly at the whim of the Bunny girl's mood, good or bad!

SSQQUULLKK-KEERRRCCHKK-K- PWOP! "GUHURGHK~!"

A beyond rough, forced regurgitation takes place as the Bunny girl pushes Marcus' shoulders away with her casual leg strength, causing her massive, fat cock to all but be ripped out of his throat and mouth in one go with a booming, sickening squelch! All of that engorged, girthy length of stiff, veiny horse prick that he'd given so much painstaking effort to swallow, yanked out of him such that his throat is immediately sore while the absurdly fat flare loudly pops right free of his abused face! Jenny's freed cock springs right up in the air, thick drops of precum and saliva being sent flying while Marcus himself is no different, the Fox box falling a good distance backwards and landing on the hard floor of the roof in a way that almost knocks the cum out of his belly through his now vacant mouth!

"KHRGHK~! KHK! KFF~!" "Time to show these gals what a real load looks like!" ( •̀ ▽ •́ )

The Fox boy is left disoriented, hacking and choking with the stench of sperm being coughed from his mouth, only to be startled at Jenny's aggressive voice and booming footsteps as she comes right at him!

"Argh~?!"

The Fox boy, filled with sperm as he is, is still casually grabbed up off the ground by the scruff of his neck. He's hoisted in the air with nothing but the cum in his belly weighing him down, then carried roughly towards the edge of the roof that's for some reason blocked off only by a railing the height of the females' hips!

"Oh no, she's turned feral~!" ( ≧ * ≦ ) "Fuck him good Jen~!" (o •̀ ▽ •́ )o☆

Jenny's friends are like a miniature cheer squad, spurring on the Bunny girl who's now dangerously aroused, meanwhile it's absolutely the opposite of a laughing matter for Marcus who's tossed right onto the railing! He hurriedly reaches out to grab hold of the railing, his heart almost leaping out his throat as he barely catches on with the sight of the faraway ground momentarily coming into view! Pure fright grips hold of his body and causes him to stiffen, his heavy belly full of cum sloshing about almost drags him back to the ground to safety, but before he makes it far, the Fox boy lets out a distressed yelp as his fluffy tail is roughly grabbed and yanked upwards! Holding on desperately to the railing, Marcus can't even try to stop Jenny as she then roughly yanks down his pants, underwear and all, to reveal his bare ass to both the world and her throbbing member who's pulsating heat he can already feel nearing his quivering hole!

GOKUNGK~ GOKUNGK~ "This hole should be good and ready to go again!"

Actually, now that she mentions it, his butt does still seem to be a tiny bit sore from this morn-!

SQULCH-SQUPLRCH-CHK-K~! "YAAAARGGHK~?!"

Were he to actually try to plead his case, it probably would have only made things worse, instead, a louder, more distressed yelp accompanies a loud, popping squelch as Marcus' butt is breached by the scorching, swollen flare in one go! Clearly Jenny feels she has something to prove, and his ass is butt the instrument of her inflated ego. Instead of inserting herself gradually like how the Fox had taken her into his mouth, she goes all on from the get-go! The no-compromises roughness of her abrupt entry makes the young Fox man feel like an elephant's hoof has just been shoved up his ass! The only saving grace is that his own saliva still left on her prick barely acts as lubricant, not only allowing the bulbous flare to blow his tailhole wide open but also allowing the rest of it to cram deep into his now noticeably sore pucker! Filled with so much girl dick so quickly from the other end, Marcus can feel his insides parting as her pulsating prick rapidly tunnels through him. The hot, engorged shaft making his sore butthole sting a bit as it's forced to rapidly swallow inch after inch, every contour and engorged vein disappearing up his butt while a thick bulge gouges through his lower body. Cum churns and sloshes violently inside of his as his insides are turned upside down, he even feels her cock breaching into the sperm inside his belly right before the last of her thick rod is rooted deep up his behind!

PLOP! "URLGH! HHHIIKK~!" GOKUNGK~ SQUELCH~ "Ooohh, fuck yeah~!" ( ≧ 皿≦ )♥

Unfortunately, the incredibly stuffed feeling as Jenny bottoms out inside of him is less concerning than the way her pelvis claps his ass and almost sends him flying over the railing! Marcus desperately clings on, doing all he can against her dwarfing strength in hopes that she really doesn't mean for him to be tossed off! Meanwhile the sheer fright causes all of his insides to contract, right onto Jenny's pulsating cock as the girthy thing throbs away with engorged vigour. This extra bit of stimulation is the last thing the girl needs to calm her ego that's almost as swollen as her fat horsecock!

SQUELCH~ PLAP! "GUH!" SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ PLAP! "HGUF!" SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ PLOP! "UNGH!" SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~

Grabbing onto the railing herself, Jenny's engine is running right away, the soreness of Marcus's butt hole intensifies again as she begins quickly pumping her prick into his butt like she's in a race with herself. A loud, violent squelching emanates not only from the Fox's clenched butt but also his insides. His hole slurps and sucks on her thick, girthy, meaty shaft, every contour and bulging vein that'd been quickly swallowed by force now being forcefully regurgitated every time she swings her hips back, and then gulped down to the root every time she pumps forwards! The crisp clapping of cheeks is carried on the wind all the way over to Jenny's friends, who've gone from jokingly mocking her to cheering her on as she begins fucking the Fox boy's butt with all their provocation fuelling her plump hips. Also carried on the wind is the frantic yelping of the Fox boy that seems more distressed than usual! The feeling of his insides being bludgeoned, beaten and churned by her fat cock like she's trying to turn the heavy nut cream inside his body into thick ball butter. It's a feeling Marcus is deeply familiar with, as his sore butt hole is pumped into by her shaft that's multiple feet long and multiple times thicker than his own arm. What's got him worked up even more than usual though is that each thrust deep into his behind not only knocks the air out of him but also threatens to knock him clear right over the railing! Off all the places she's chose to brutally fuck him in the ass, this one is easily the most dangerous to date! Reflected in his eyes that shake and shiver from Jenny's ass-reaming thrusts is the sight of the ground seeming so far down. With his bellyful of cum roughly plopping against the railing, half his body is held up only by his shivering tail as while the other half as almost dangling precariously over the railing's edge! The Fox boy holds on desperately for dear life, literally, as every single pump into his behind makes him feel like he'll be kissing the ground if his grip loosens for even a second!

"Gnf, at least your guh, holes are nice and unghf, tight~!" (•̀ ////皿//// •́) ♥ FRRRP- PLAP! "GUH!" SCHLORP~ FRRP- PLAP! "HGUF!" SCHLORP~ FRRP- PLOP! SCHLORP~ FRRP- PLOP! "HUGH!"

His ass hole only gets gradually more sore as Jenny lasts much, much longer in his butt than she did his mouth, through pure stubborn determination if anything. Still the Fox boy's abused hole keeps involuntarily clamping down and gnawing on her fat, scorching shaft, the continued fear making even his jaws clench despite no threat of having his face filled with dick. His grip on the railing is tight as can be, and it really doesn't help that by now said railing is lightly creaking in a precarious manner! Marcus can only pray that the railing will hold up better than his small butt does throughout the pounding ass reaming as Jenny's hips swing back and forth with abandon. Praying is about the only thing he can do in his current mental state as his ass is used as a disposable sex toy. Minutes tick by agonizingly slow for the Fox boy who's constantly and literally hanging on the edge of danger. The pounding of Jenny's fat and heavy balls against his cum-distended belly coupled with her fat cock mangling and gouging through him makes it feel like both the girl's hot sperm and his flogged insides have been churned into creamy butter at this stage. It's multiple times that her rough rutting almost causes him to belch up her cum, the only thing stopping her creamy load from gushing out his gullet being the way said gullet is constantly constricted in fight as his shaky eyes never leave the faraway ground. There's never been a time, even with all he's been through to date, that Marcus has wished this much for the anal annihilation to end.

"Ngh~!" ( ≧ 皿≦ ) SQUEEELRCH-K-SHCHK~ PLAP! "URGUGH!" "Oooh, here it comes~!" (o •̀ ▽ •́ )o

It makes the Fox boy grateful in the extremely rare times that the prayers of a male like him are answered. The very last thrust still ends up being the scariest of all, with more than half of Marcus' fucked and orally impregnated body going over the edge, causing him to hang on with more desperation than even as Jelly's pelvis rams hard into his ass with her throbbing cock bucking, spasming, going absolutely wild in his churned insides!

GOKUNGK~ SSSPPPLLLUUUURRRTTT-T-T~ "Hughk~!" "Hwwaaahhh~!" ♥ ♥( ಥ //// Д //// < )♥ ♥

An orgasmic wail of victory by the girl is followed by audible gush of fresher, hotter girl spunk pumping into the Fox boy's body as her balls contract against his already swollen belly! Even while still harbouring so much cum that's yet to be digested, Marcus can still feel the very first spurt launch through the pool of ball goo and slam into his stomach, followed by another and another. He can feel each pump of semen rushing through the thickest base of her sheath crammed tightly inside his aching, quivering butt hole, the whole fat log of engorged girl meat swelling momentarily with each payload delivered and bucking inside him like each shot causes the long, fat ember to recoil.

"Haaaaauuuh~ fuck~!" ★★ (ಥ ////皿//// <) ★★ SHCHK~ FRRP- PLAP! "GUH!" SSSPPPLLLLRRRRTTT~ SCHLORP~ FRRP- PLAP! "HGUF!" GOKUNGK~ SSSSSPPPLLLUUUUUUURRRTTT~ "UHUGH, NGH~!" "Damn, look at him swell!" Σ( ° [] °)

Oh how Marcus wishes that he could finally feel relief, however as though aware of how much his fear makes his butt tighten, Jenny keeps pulling her hips back with her cock wedged up his pucker and ramming forward like she's trying to use to momentum to launch her thick, hot prick spit deeper into him! The Fox boy's arms tremble still is he desperately holds on, contending with both his fear that has yet to subside and the feeling of his insides brutally swelling with the Bunny girl's load once more, Bigger his belly grows with each ejaculatory release, a familiar sight as his belly soon engorges to a familiar size, and only swelling larger as the size of this load is no less than the first! The feeling of being anally stuffed intensifies as his swollen belly deforms against the railing, very soon Marcus feels that even his fear-constricted throat can no longer hold back what's to come.

"GRK-!" PPPPLLLUUUUURRRKKKPPPTPTPT~

All his futile efforts accomplish is causing hot girl sperm to gush from his nostrils before spurting in thick, gullet-swelling ropes from his forced open mouth! The fresh, tongue-numbing, intensely bitter/salty taste of Jenny's hot, sticky jizz scorches his tastebuds as ropes of prick puke fly over the edge of the roof, soon audibly splattering onto the ground far down below. Marcus' only relief is that he doesn't follow right behind it, the Bunny girl's orgasm finally slowly subsiding right as he's unfortunately sprung a leak. It's as though her aim was to make sure he got a taste of her creamy sperm that she'd fired down his throat and straight into his belly just now. And boy is he given a good taste, as if the flavour wasn't already permanently etched into both his memory and tastebuds. For every pulse of her dick and contraction of her balls left in her orgasm, Marcus barfs up thick ropes of semen while spunk dribbles and sometimes even spurt from both his nostrils. But while the taste and stench of hot, steaming cum ruins his senses yet again, Marcus can only be thankful for surviving at the end of it all.

"Phew, get your shit together dude. Two measly loads and you're already pukin'." ( •̀ ////Д ////•́ ) =3 GOKUNGK~ SHCHRK~ SLRRRCCHP~ "KRSCH-KRP~"

He can't say anything back even if he were brave enough to try. Rather than words, only thick spurts of steamy girl sperm regurgitate from his open mouth, his muzzle painted in cloudy, smelly nut cream while his inflated figure is unrecognizable from only a few minutes ago. Thankfully, two of such monstrous ejaculations seem enough for Jenny, for now at least. With her legs trembling lightly, she finally backs up, taking along the Fox boy who's ass her spent prick is still wedged inside. Finally he's allowed to experience relief as Jenny begins to turn around, his almost numb hands letting go of the railing at last as he's brough away from the scary ledge.

SQURLKCHRK~ PWP! "Uhugh-!" PLOPF~ "GUH!" GRRGLLRGK~

It seems that with so much cum inside him, his weight is too much this time for Jenny's prick to hold up, or maybe it's just her rough way of getting him off her dick. Either way, Marcus's sore butt hole slides readily on her thick, hot shaft, inches of her dick rapidly emerging from his behind as his body drops rapidly with gravity pulling him and all the cum inside him towards the ground! A sting in his butthole causes him to yelp as his ass literally and audibly pops free of her fat flare, and the yelp is cut short as he plops right down onto the ground! Immediately the girl's slowly softening prick springs right up, throbbing with post-orgasmic tingles while Marcus is like a sack of slime dropped down onto the ground, all the cum inside his heavily bloated belly sloshing and churning as some had even spurt from his semen-soaked mouth from the impact! It was a rough dismount to say the least, yet, even now, Marcus is only thankful that the ground he eventually fell on is the floor of the roof and not the one way down below.

TRTRTRTRLRLRLRLRLR~

What incredible timing, for the bell that announces the end of lunch to come right after the Fox boy has received a brutal overfeeding from both ends. Marcus's sore butthole winces as he thinks about returning to class in his current state. However it's soon clear that today is going to be another one of those days.

PLAP ~ "Ugh!" SKLORLRPLRK~ "Hey, stop slacking around and make yourself useful."

A light kick to the bloated belly from a large girl with rabbit's feet almost causes Marcus to roll over completely as cum bounces around and churns violently inside of him! Not even waiting for a reply, since it's not needed, Jenny casually returns to her seat among her friends, dick softening and gradually retreating back into its musky sheath. As Marcus looks at her with a face that would illicit pity for the poor used and abused Fox boy, Jenny completely ignores his gaze and whips out her phone to begin texting while her friends do the same in between their continued chatting. Instead the Fox boy's gaze is met with aa large pair of dark brown, still very round orbs as Jenny shift her panties aside, seemingly allowing her smelly balls to breathe but actually sending a signal to Marcus who's Fox ears droop in resignation. Clearly they're just going to ignore the bell again, getting comfortable like they're about to skip the whole next period while hanging out on the roof. Of course there will be repercussions for their actions, it's simply that all of them including Marcus know that of the four of them, only one will actually be punished for the group skipping classes...

"Uurrrgh~"

Defeated, the Fox boy struggles to pick himself up, quickly giving up and deciding to just let his cum-heavy belly drag across the ground as he makes his way over to Jenny. The smell of her unwashed crotch washes over his face again as he gets close, real close, with his face coming towards her fat, smelly balls to be specific. As the stench of girl crotch pours into his nostrils, Marcus gulps hard, not really from fear but rather to clear his mouth and swallow all the cum that's been sticking to his tongue full of tastebuds. This way, though he might not get it very clean, he at least won't dirty Jenny's balls further as he sticks his tongue out and gets to licking.

SHLCK~ SLRP~ "What do you think of these jeans." "My balls will be sitting in a swamp if I wear those." TRTRTRTRLRLRLRLRLR~ "So add to cart?" "Duh, gotta make sure this little shit stays busy."

As the salty, funky taste of girlish ball sweat and pungent crotch funk melts on his tastebuds, mingling with the lingering taste of sperm, the second bell that announces the cut-off for students to be in class rings out loudly. Just looking at the amount of balls to be licked with his small tongue, Marcus starts preparing himself right away for the punishment they(he) will receive when they eventually get back to class.

***

SLRP~ SLLLK~

Of course, things were never going to go his way. The only payoff Marcus got from licking Jenny's funky balls clean was another fat load of girl sperm in his belly, a sore throat on top of his sore ass and an unfair punishment for "distracting the girls and making them late for class". The punishment in this case was among the worst he often has to deal with; forced shrinking. A temporary punishment enacted on males that forces them to experience the life of a tiny before their proper inauguration. No matter how many times Marcus has experienced it, he's gotten used to it about as much as sucking the spunk out of the balls of a girl with a massive horse cock.

CHHMMNPP~ "Mnhf~" SSLPP~

And this is also an experience unbearable for the usually regular sized Fox boy. It's completely dark, warm and wet. Not wet like water wet, but wet like gooey and slimy, not to the level of being doused in jizz, but certainly not lacking in discomfort. Something thick, flexible and strong is constantly caressing and grinding into his body from all sides in a claustrophobic confinement. Slimy goop squelches all around him, filling his facial orifices while he keeps his eyes shut as tight as he can. This only makes the sound louder and the feeling many times more stimulating. Marcus, a male, has never experiences what a full bodied massage with lubrication lotion feels like, however it would probably feel similar to this. The massive, thick, wiggling thing is way stronger than he can resist, it slides all over his body, covering any part of him with a single flick and working the warm slime deeper and deeper into his already heavily soaked fur. It moves his limbs against his will, spready his legs open and dragging all about his naked body, the texture both slimy as well as slightly rough, causing every part of him to tingle in a stimulating way that actually feels kind of nice. And that's very bad. For in here is a place where Marcus can't afford to feel too good, for the outcome would be an accident that would put him in even deeper trouble. Since he's currently inside Jenny's-

SSSLLLUURRK~ "Unp~!"

A loud slurping sound as the hard stick he's tied to is roughly yanked on. The Fox boy naturally feels his whole body get dragged with it, the thick, wriggling mass grinding aggressively and intimately into him, slurping a lot of the slimy stuff off of him while the plump, pillowing masses surrounding the opening he's pulled through slurp off even more.

PWRCHP~ "Haargh~"

A thick string of clear, slimy saliva connects Jenny's closed lips to the object she just pulled out of her mouth, a certain Fox boy tied to a stick. This isn't Marcus' first time being used as a lollipop, and he most certainly looks the part. Even with most of it having been licked and sucked off of him, there's still enough of Jenny's warm saliva coating his tiny form as to ooze from his fur and almost drip into the Bunny girl's hand holding the stick.

FFNNP-PF-FFRR-NMPF~! SSLRRKK~

There's so much spit on his face as to make his vision slightly cloudy as Marcus looks up at the Bunny girl paying attention in class, or at least she seems to be paying attention. His whole body feels beyond icky and warm from being inside of her mouth for the past few minutes. He blows warm, slimy spit out of his nostrils, unable to wipe away the stuff covering his eyes as all four of his limbs are tied behind him on the stick. Nothing can be done about the amount of her warm saliva he's swallowed in the process of being sucked on and played with by her tongue. It would have been nice if he could have at least tasted some of the food he'd make her through her spit, however the taste of her cum is so deeply etched into his tastebuds that it's the only flavour he'll know as long as she keeps using him the way she does. And speaking of cum,

Gokungk~ Gokungk~ "Haaaah, haaah~"

No matter how much he hates to admit it, the stimulation he gets from her tongue in his tiny form is more than enough for Marcus to have a raging, throbbing boner of his own. As a grow and still growing male, his future is still uncertain, whether his member will be left free, put in chastity or maybe even worse. For now though, his pecker still works just fine, though that's bad news for him as it's bound to lead him into trouble one day if he does something like... cumming inside Jenny's mouth on accident for instance.

"Aaaaahh-rnm~" ( ︾o︾) SSLRKCH-SSLLLRRRPPCH~ "Rrrmmnnnmph~!" "Mmmmnnn~" ✿ ( ￣ )ω( ￣ ) ✿❁

The possibility only gets higher as he's sucked back into her mouth, literally. The warm enclosure of slimy squelches and body tingling sensations, her soft lips give way to her flexible tongue and darkness descends once more. Saliva coats him from the tips of his soggy fox ears to the tiny claws of his toes, claws much too dull to inflict even the barest of harm on her large, muscular tongue as it envelops his front portion from below. Above him, his back is pressed to the stiff roof of her hot mouth. Of course, there is always her teeth to worry about. Being a Bunny girl, Jenny's teeth are in some way more threatening than others, the hard enamel casually closing into an escapable cage around him with only the girth of the stick creating the smallest gap. It could be said then that having his limbs bound like a tied up hog is to his benefit as having a stray arm or leg sticking out at the wrong moment would lead to a catastrophic outcome that at least Marcus will far from enjoy. He can only hope that Jenny isn't into that more extreme sort of "play" as he desperately tucks his soggy fox tail in with the rest of his encased body. That being said, even with the danger of getting bit as Jenny casually and carelessly toils him about in her mouth, the act of her using him as a lollipop brings with it enough stimulation that he's struggling more and more to contain himself. The "gentle" suction of her mouth makes it feel like all the muscles of his body is receiving a deep massage. On most of his body, her saliva feels icky, with certain exceptions like his crotch for instance. As his face receives an aggressive licking by her squirming tongue, causing more and more of her saliva to make it past his desperately clenched lips, said saliva fills his nether region with a warm sliminess that makes his small balls throb. It's especially the case as her slightly rough tastebuds grind both his dick and balls, tickling his nuts and stroking his shaft. The Fox boy is pretty much receiving the world's largest blowjob with his whole body, and the fact that he's kind of enjoying it presents way more problems than pleasures.

SLLRRRKK~ CCHHRRNP~

First and foremost, there's not many people that would want to receive pleasure from the one that abuses them. Marcus has spent more time with his face stuffed in the bratty bitch's smelly crotch with her unwashed cock and nasty seed filling his body than he would have liked even from a consensual partner. Having his whole face aggressively kissed by her large tongue and unintentionally swallowing so much of her saliva is just further humiliation. And then to have her constantly tease his genitals in the same way while he struggles to stop himself from cumming to avoid further punishment is just the icing on the cake. All while the pleasure is more than he experiences from anything else in his life. But of course, it's not all pleasure for the tiny Fox.

"Mmmnnnn~" ( ° )ω( ° ) ✿❁ SLLCK-K~ CCHNNPCH~ "Hgnph~!" CHLLRK~

Having let go of the stick to at least pretend to take notes, Jenny casually moves the living creature around in her mouth like a real lollipop. Marcus finds himself getting roughly pressed and squished to the point that it sometimes feels like he'll be flattened as her strong tongue wrings him about. From the left side of her mouth to the right and back, he's made to roll, his back pressing into the firm roof of her mouth, followed by his front and then his back again. It's the only way he can tell which way is up at any point in time, the rubbery, flexible tongue on one side and the tough roof with protruding ridges on the other. Saliva oozes deep into his ears, giving him the world's worst wet willy at all times as whatever saliva leaks from his constant rolling is replaced by a fresh, hot, slimy batch. The same goes for what he's constantly swallowing, it's unavoidable that his mouth will regularly open as he's tossed about roughly, causing him to drown in spit that's already pooling inside his belly. Even if it's her own spit, Marcus wouldn't dare spit it back out into Jenny's mouth. Leading to him feeling slightly nauseous getting tumbled about by her tongue with a belly full of her sloshy saliva. There're even times where her pressing him hard into the roof of her mouth almost makes his spew her spit back out of his belly.

SSSSLLLLRRRPPCH~ "Urrghh~"

The constant slapping, bashing, licking and squashing is all that allows Marcus to quell the constant urge of his engorged genitals that receive the rough treatment in a different way. That, and the constant fear of being accidentally swallowed. With how hard Jenny is constantly sucking on his tiny body, Marcus can only have faith in the tiny knots holding his limbs to the stick. If said knots were to come undone even for a moment, the Fox can only assume that he'd end up taking a trip that may very well be his last. He cannot even see the dark gulch that is the entrance of her throat in his current state, he can only be constantly subject to the call of being swallowed as the suction of his whole body heads in that unknown direction. This is how the Fox boy desperately survives in the oral prison, fighting against all sorts of physical and mental forces with the constant threat of his own demise looming from multiple angles. Thankfully, his efforts to remain sane pay off yet again as, after a few minutes that feel like the very colour has been sucked out of his fur, a yank on the stick announces his expulsion from drowning in bunny girl tongue and spit.

SSLPPP- PWPCH~ "Ghhhuuurrh~! Urlp-plrtt-t-t~"

Even after being pulled out with the excess saliva sucked from his fur, Marcus still comes out looking like a canine drowned in a slime lake. His fur is completely gelled from head to toe with his fox ears flopping down. Thick trails of clear, slimy drool ooze from said flopped ears while just opening his mouth to gasp produces a large spit bubble that's definitely not made from his own spit. Similar spit bubbles blow and pop from his nostrils while his soggy tail hangs limply from the increased weight in his once fluffy tail fur. Tied to the stick, he's like a crucified man that's been pelted with ballons full of aloe gel, his only saving grace is that in the end he hadn't pelted any of his own slime from his gradually softening member. So, he's been sucked on and almost nibbled a few times. What now?

"Ah-!"

Marcus quickly finds out as he's turned upside down, soon heading down below, in between the gap of Jenny and her desk where the lighting dims, but not dim enough that he can't see her skirt pulled all the way up and her panties held open!

SKRRCHSKCH~ "Mnnnnnpphh~!" "Hmmmmnn~" ( ^ ∀ ^ )~♪

It's not long after that he's made to get a closer look, this time with even less light available as his whole tiny body gets shoved right into the Bunny's girls thick bush of prickly pubes! Down inside he goes, his back tied to the stick rubbing against the soft texture of her panties while his front portion is literally dragged through a starkly contrasting rough sensation as dozens upon dozens of slightly curly, tough hairs grind against him. With eyes clenched and gritted teeth, he's uncontrollably shoved deeper, he feels himself rub against the tough, bare skin of her leathery dick sheath on his side. Deeper still he goes, sliding along her hot genitals until he feels himself get squeezed into the gap between her inner thigh and her fat package. Finally he stops when his head and unfortunately, his face, is stuck into the tight crease between her thigh and her plump balls!

"Hnnfff, huuuff, khff~"

His whole body feels tingly having been dragged through so much of her bushy pubes, and even though his face has ultimately ended up where there's less pubic hairs, the stench of her crotch is instead ripe as it can be! His face packed into this tiny gap where her balls squish to her thighs, a single breath is all it takes for Marcus's tiny airways and lungs to be polluted and saturated with the smell. Needless to say that the smell is many times more intense than when he'd sucked her dick at lunchtime, it feels like his nose, mouth and throat are on fire, ignited by the perfume smell of Jenny's funky crotch, sweaty sheath and musty balls! The sensation of stuffiness almost immediately intensifies as a shake in the stick holding him is accompanied by the sound of her opened panties snapping close again, leaving the tiny Fox trapped and squished between her fat balls and plump things. But not for long.

"Urrnph~!" SHHKRRCH-SCHRKCH~ "Ooooohh~" ✿( ︾o︾ ) ✿❁

Here we go again. Marcus quickly shuts his eyes in time to find himself being dragged out of the stuffy gap, rough pubes enveloping his lower body and quickly to his upper body where his clenched face once again is made to feel like he's swimming through a thick bush of stiff reeds! This time the sensation of her pubes against his small body of soft fur is much more distinct after what remained of Jenny's saliva has been rubbed off in the process, curly pubes constantly try to entangle his small frame as he moves through it, and while the pubes themselves fail to cling to him, the same can in no way be said about the pungent odour. The saliva in his fur gets quickly replaced with a much worse fluid, Jenny's pungent crotch sweat both dried and fresh, staining his fur whichever way she drags him while his face is receiving a fair coating of the funky crotch perfume. Now when he takes a breath, even without his face jammed to her smelly balls, the funky odour of her unwashed crotch seeps deeply into his nostrils and pours through his airways, causing him to tear up as he's dragged sideways along her crotch, over her portulent sheath.

"It's simple, we learn about the rights males used to have so that they can be better reminded of their place today..." SHRK-CH~ "Mnphhrnf~!" SCHRKCHK~ "Hufff, mmnnfff~!"

From the outside, a soft scratching noise is drowned out by the rest of the sounds in the class, including the words of the teacher who doesn't pay much attention to Jenny's satisfied expression as she takes care of the slight itch in her groin. And why wouldn't it itch? The Bunny girl barely washes down there so that the Fox can thoroughly enjoy her smell whenever he's got his face shoved in it. And now his face is about as in it as it can be as she controls the stick roughly, jamming the struggling little guy into all her itchy spots and thoroughly marking his whole body with her funky crotch musk. Side to side, up and down, the barely audible scratching noise accompanies the sight of the bulge formed by the living lollipop getting roughly ground and shoved about beneath her tightly clasped panties. Even a ride on the world's fastest, twistiest roller coaster wouldn't feel this rough. Marcus puffs and pants, constantly filling himself with nothing but the stench of Jenny's musky crotch that's trapped inside her panties much like he is himself. All that's present for him is the sound of his own struggles and the sound of itchy girl pubes roughly caressing him all over. As she scratches one side, he's bumped relentlessly into her fat sheath, inching slowly more to the side, until she dunks him deep into the smelliest space between her thigh and balls. The large, warm orbs rubbing against him is the only thing that eases the tingling sensation in his whole body, however it's still the worst moment as his airways are stifled in the most potent odour. It's worse yet as Jenny purposefully leaves him stuffed there for extended periods of time before yanking him out, covered in more crotch sweat as she scratches and scratches him through her entire procession of pubes to get to the other side again.

"Uhuggh~" SCHRCHK-K-K~ "Unnphh~!"

Honestly, were he not as small as he is, Marcus would probably have a mouthful of bitten off pubes crammed in his teeth and stuck to his tongue at this point, his tongue now tingles with the taste of her funky crotch sweat that'd matured while soaked in the sponge of her bushy pubes. His whole face is a mess, even more that when it's been covered in her slimy spit, his face itself reeks of her crotch to the point that he'd smell her pubes and balls for hours after being freed from her crotch. He'll probably have nightmares of tentacles made of pubic hair attacking him, tangling him up, just like he's had every time she's done this to him so far. Yes, like most of the abuse he's endured today, such things are but a regular occurrence to the small fox who have little autonomy for himself. And it's because of this experience that he already knows that he has a lot of cleaning up to do before he gets to go home today, since the next step will definitely be,

SCHRKCHK~ "Uhgf-ah." GOKUNGK~

Right on time, it seems like she's again stimulated herself too much by rubbing and scratching him into her crotch. Marcus is finally freed from the grippy entanglement of funky pubes, however what greets him is a sight that brings him just as little relief. It helps that Jenny's panties have been pulled down from the front, so that he can actually properly see the large mass throbbing in front of his tiny face. Her sheath, so fat and full, housing a monstrous equine member that still makes both Marcus' throat and butt quiver and clench just laying eyes on the ginormous dick pocket. But even with all this light, as he hangs upside down in front of it, there's a deep darkness sunken into the middle of the plump protrusion, and it's exactly there that his scared face is shoved towards in the next second.

"Unph-!" SQUELRRCHKK~ "Mmmrrrnnn, ffgghhf~!" ( > /// ^ /// < ) GOKUNGK~

This time Jenny really has to stifle a moan whole a wicked grin is splayed across her face. As for Marcus, the tiny Fox can no longer make a sound as his face gets sunken into the compressed crevasse of portulent girl meat! His fox nose at the forefront of his lupine face acts like an arrowhead charting the path, getting immediately crammed into the Bunny girl's fact sheath hole and causing Jenny's hands to momentarily stall from the stimulation of a foreign object stabbing into her prick pocket! The resulting throbbing of her whole sheath causes the plump, meaty walls of her sheath's entrance to suck on and caress the front of Marcus's face, already a sensation of moist heat clamping and squirming the part of his face that's stuck inside. This by itself is already a great stimulant to the Fox boy himself, however what really squirms is his sinuses as the intense stench of dick and cum tunnels deep into his trapped nostrils!

SQUELCH~ "Rrrnnffp~!" SHCHK~

The smell is so intense yet before proper tears can even form in his eyes, what has welled up is quickly wiped off as Jenny's hand resumes, shoving him in towards her sheathe with even more stimulated aggression! With a light shove, Marcus's whole face is enveloped in the wet, hot, slimy walls of her inner sheath before he knows it, the compression of her tucked away girl meat shoving at him from all sides as his head is sucked inside!

GOKUNGK~ SHLCK~

Then his shoulders, swallowed up by the entrance, followed by his stomach and hips! The Fox boy's legs spasm and jerk against the knots that hold him tied to the stick, soon they're hardly able to spasm at all as a loud squelch that reverberates through his whole body sends said body all the way deep into Jenny's smelly prick pocket!

SQUELCH~ GOKUNGK~ "Mrrrnn~!" GOKUNGK~ "Mmmmmmnnnff~!" ♥ ( ≧ * ≦ ) ♥♥

The girl stifles a moan right in the middle of class, her thick thighs lightly trembling while her whole meaty package throbs with stimulation. Sticking out the tightly clenched hole of her fat sheath is only the remainder of the stick with only Marcus's tiny feet barely visible, spasming at the entrance. As for Marcus, there's no need for attempt to stifle himself as Jenny's portulent prick meat does it for him! The stuffiness of the hole he's been crammed into is on par with the Bunny girl's mouth, except that in absence of the harder parts of her mouth, especially her teeth, it's nothing but plump, meaty masses caressing and mashing into his tiny body from all sides. Every throb of her sheathed prick is felt with his whole body, his tiny form being swung up and down as girl meat holds him tightly while bucking. Similar to her tongue, her twitching and throbbing prick mass in its flaccid state massages and grinds his body, probably even more than her tongue has as her member is held back from growing erect while still somewhat being engorged with arousal. The heat and compression is even more than inside her mouth. In all honestly, Marcus would probably prefer being shoved into her dick pocket than her mouth, were it not for the other factors actually making it a worse experience!

GOKUNGK~ SQUURLCHK~ "Hrrmnpph~" GOKUNGK~

Starting first with the sensation of hot, slimy, gooey stuff all over! It's almost similar to having his whole form coated in spit but decidedly different in the viscosity and stickiness of the custardy gunk! He'd of course tasted plenty of it when he'd sucked her dick during lunch, however it's only in this tiny form that Marcus is forced to appreciate just how much leftover ejaculate accumulates in the Bunny girl's sheath! Stuck in the various prick folds pulsating and squelching all around him, it clings to his fur and gets worked deeper into his form by the massaging walls as they constantly pulsate and throb around him. Aged spunk is even more viscous and sticky that fresh ball pudding, making it feel like the Fox boy is being battered around by balls of engorged meat covered in glue. And of course, not only is the viscosity different from fresh sperm, but the smell is as well!

GOKUNGK~ SCHRLKCHK~ "Ghuurrgh~Uurghpph~!" SLRRCHHRK~

The stink of semen is quite literally stifling, every breath the Fox boy takes is now polluted but saturated with the smell of virile bunny girl jizz. Jizz baked inside her sheath, some from only an hour or so ago and some from even before that. The smell penetrates deeply, making him actually feel woozy as it mixes with the pure stench of sheathed equine cock. It can be said that there's not a more direct way for anybody to huff the raw stench of another's dick, and it's especially brutal for Marcus who's lupine snout is jammed right into the hole where such nasty cum spurts from!

CHP~ CHRKPCH~ "Mnpf~!" GOKUNGK~ SQUELCH~

The dick hole hidden all the way deep inside her sheath is pressed right to his face, the wet, slimy hole leaking hot precum while squelching open and closed with each pulse of her prick, the fat, fleshy opening kissing and squelching the front of his face like a lover that's missed his presence so dearly. Marcus can do nothing but barely squirm in the compressed confines of her hot, stuffy, cum-stinking sheath as his face becomes smeared in the fishy, viscous liquid love of Jenny's fat prick hole.

"Mnn~♥" "Mnph!" GOKUNGK~ SKLLRKCHRK~

Well, his body finally gets a chance to move as he vividly feels Jenny grabbing the remainder of the stick after leaving him soaking in her dick pocket for a couple stimulating minutes. Unfortunately the movement is nothing like he hopes for as the moment he pulled backward out her prick pocket, he's shoved right back in before his shoulders are even pulled out!

GOKUNGK~ SHLCK~ SQUELCH~ SHLRK~ "Phrmghk~" GOKUNGK~ SLRRP-P~ SHLRCH~ "Grrmkf~" SCHRKCH~ GOKUNGK~ "Haaaaaahhh fffgh~! Keep squirming~!" ( ≧ * ≦ ) ♥

What a thing to do right in the middle of class, it's a miracle that nobody hears the audible squelching as the Bunny girl starts pumping the fox-pop in and out of her prick pocket! Marcus is taken for a wild ride unlike anything he could experience in his regular sized form, even rougher than when she was sucking him in her mouth. The Fox boy's body is ground deep into her sheath, his fur getting painted in the spunk in between the creases of her folded phallus as the meaty, pulsating walls suck and squelch his whole body with as much pressure as her sucking mouth. The space is so compressed inside that as he's dragged back, a loud sound like a plunger pumping sticky slime rings in his pressed ears, as he's shoved forwards, the same sound fills his ears again pressed the other way while his fox face warps in a funny manner until his snout is intimately rejoined with her precum-leaking dick hole!

"Hnnff, ffhhhnnff~" ( > //// X //// < )♥ ♥ SHLCK~ GOKUNGK~ FRRSHLLRK~ SHLRK~ "Phrrmp~!" GOKUNGK~ SLRRP-P~ SHLRCH~ "Rhhphp~! Mrrnf~!" FRRPPCHK~ GOKUNGK~

Shortly after some back and forth pumping, an even more audible squelching that at least some of the other student should be able to hear as Jenny holds the tip of the protruding stick with her finger, twirling it around harshly such that the entrance of her dickhole slightly opens up to reveal a bit of the Fox boy being squelched around inside! It's as though he's a paintbrush that she's trying to fill with paint, the brush being Marcus's soiled fur and the paint being her cum and other smelly dick fluids that soaks his form all over! His body is rubbed into the hot, slimy walls of her inner sheath all over, up and down, side to side, and proper circles while his head is still pretty much stationary and clamped by the tough, engorged prick meat deep in her sheath! The odour of cock and smelly cum and precum only intensifies further as more prick spittle leaks from her dick hole. It quickly reaches the point where the Fox boy has no choice but to hold his breath to avoid drowning. Unfortunately, while males can hold their breaths for incredible amounts of time, it's not like he can close his nostrils to avoid the hot dick slime from oozing into his nose! Especially not with her dickhole intimately kissing his face with greater and greater intensity over time! It's of course because the girl only grows more aroused as she plays with his tiny body, using him as little more than a strange, living dildo for her unwashed sheath. The stimulation is such that she struggles to keep her rabbit feet from thumping the ground, as a female, one of the many things she's learning is how to control the functions of her own body. Still, it's a struggle like no other to keep her dick from growing erect as she stimulates her sheath beyond reason. But that's also what makes it so stimulating, having to constantly hold back as she grips the stick tightly with her fingers while twirling her living dildo like she's trying to shove his whole face up her pulsating dick hole!

GOKUNGK~ SHLCK~ SQUELCH~ SHLRK~ "Phrmghk~" GOKUNGK~ SHLRK~ "MMrrmnpf~!" GOKUNGK~ SLRRP-P~ SHLRCH~ "Phrnfp~! Mrrnf~!" FRRPPCHK~ GOKUNGK~ "Haah fghh, mmmnnnfff-fugh~!" ♥ ♥( ಥ //// * //// < )♥ ♥

Marcus himself feels like she'll eventually succeed as he feels himself be dragged out until his hip is free of her sheath, only to be pumped back in and twirled like a rotisserie the moment his nose punctures her cock hole! She does it over and over again, the Fox boy feeling like more and more of his face gets swallowed each time. The amount of precum flowing from her dick certainly doesn't help his chances of not having his whole face popped into her actual dick, there's so much that it's already dripping out the entrance of her sheath despite how tightly it's clamped on his barely stuck out feet. It's downright incredible that she can do all of this without growing erect, however, even a female has her limits of how much masturbatory stimulation she can take. Especially for girls like Jenny who's endurance is rapidly shaved away just from desperately maintaining the flaccid state of her sheathe.

"Rmmnnff~!" !! ( ≧ * ≦ ) !! "Urp-?!" GOKUNGK~ SSSPPPLLLUUUURRRTTT~

Not able to feel anything beside the constantly increasing throbbing and pulsations trapping his tiny body, Marcus is completely unaware of the moment the Bunny's balls suddenly contract, causing him to be naturally caught off guard as a literal bazooka of hot girl sperm blasts him point blank right in his face! Completely unlike her saliva and precum, the thick river of hot ball slop is incredibly viscous and sticky, almost launching the Fox boy right out Jenny's sheath as his whole body is doused and drowned in but the first spurt of seed! Literally the only thing that's kept him stuck inside is the sheer contracting compression of her inner sheath walls as the Bunny girl ejaculates violently!

"Haaaaah~ haaaaahh~!" ♥ ♥( ಥ ////Д//// <)♥ ♥ SSPPLLRRTTT~ SSSPPPUUURRRTTT~ SSPPL-PL-PLAATTT-T-TRRT-T-T~ "Tsk tsk, there she goes again." "Girl really thought we didn't notice."

Obviously there's zero discretion to be had now as the very first spurt signals Jenny's ejaculation to all those around who immediately hear thick cum splattering the underside of her desk, followed by volley after volley as cum that erupts with more pressure than usual from her sheath that's blocked up by a very unfortunate tiny Fox boy! The river of cum washing over him and shooting out past his trapped form into Jenny's underdeck is only a secondary worry to Marcus who's whole insides have ballooned with hot seed from the very first spurt! The moment her dick hole opened up and erupted, the Fox boy didn't even need to have his mouth open, cum came out at his so fast that his throat was swelling with stinky spunk by the time he even realized that his mouth was forced open by the torrent of jizz! From there it was but a moment for his stomach to swell up and ballon, his insides fattened with so much spunk that a noticeable bulge is formed in Jenny's sheath as his feet spasm amidst a river of hot sperm. Immediately, cum goes gushing right through him and out his ass, the comparatively small anal cum eruption getting swept up by the gooey torrent of jizz that's propelling out the Bunny girl's plugged sheath!

"RRRMMGRGLGLRGL-!!" SSSPPPUUURRRTTT~ GOKUNGK~ SPPUURRTT~ SSSPPPLLLLRRRTTT~ "Mmmmnnggghhff~" ♥ ♥(>////Д////<)♥ ♥

Sometimes he does in fact get propelled right out of her dick pocket the moment she cums but this time is not one of those times. This time he's once again held firm by her clamping sheath meat to ride out her entire orgasm with her, right from the source as his face is blasted point blank by her enlarged dick hole over and over again. Pump after pump of hot cum flows through him like he's a living valve, still, what swells his stomach beyond recognition is nothing compared to what paints and splatters the underside of Jenny's desk. One would think that such occurrences would cause a disruption in the class, however the others are only momentarily phased by the Bunny girl's sudden ejaculation while most are just jealous that they don't have their own pet to fuck during class. The teacher responsible for the girls' education as doms barely acknowledges the act of the Bunny girl and continues the lesson uninterrupted while taking note of who needs to be punished for this minor disruption later on. And it's obvious who this punishment is going to fall on.

"Huufff, hnnnff, phhooooh~" ( ￣ ////Д ////￣ ) =3 GOKUNGK~ SQUUEERLCHKP~ PLT-T-T~

As though what he's already going through isn't enough. Having let out a hot load, Jenny has her loose face hidden behind her raised textbook as she pants slightly. She slides her trembling bunny toes back after feeling hot nut slime touching it, what is only a dribble of the absolute mess of hot, sticky cock sauce splattered all over the inside of her desk. It clings like sticky custard to the enclosed front of the desk and oozes down into a slimy, steamy puddle of virile prick sauce, it's viscosity the only thing stopping all that jizz from spreading out further along the floor. At least that makes it convenient for the one that has to clean it all up later.

GOKUNGK~ SSPLLRRT~ "URGHLRGHK~" GOKUNGK~ SKLLRRKCH~

A light throb of her spent cock(sheath) causes the bloated Marcus to spurt cum from his tailhole that's even now still a bit sore from the rutting earlier, at least the hot, sticky prick sauce somewhat soothes the ache. The same can be said about his insides that had also received a fair battering in the process, so bloated with semen he is that a light choke will cause him to barf up virile jizz into the tightly enclose space that's already filled with the cloudy cock slime. Even with so much filling the front of his face, he can still feel her prick hole smooching his nose. His whole body is painted white in spunk that gets worked deeper and deeper into his soggy fur as her sheath still squelches and caresses him with post-ejaculate pulsations. And to think, that the moment he gets returned to his normal size would be for him to slurp up all the cum that Jenny let out all over the underside of her desk. The Fox boy doesn't even need to see the aftermath to know that he has his work come out for him, the only question is how quickly he'll be able to stomach it all. At least for now, as he remains submerged in Jenny's spunk filled sheath, the whole thing throbbing and massaging his sperm-filled form, the Fox boy has time to consider what he'll make for her tomorrow. At least her diet is the only thing that he needs to worry about since his is always covered.

GOKUNGK~ "UURRLGHK~" GOKUNGK~

END.
