"Joey! Come here, boy!" The sound of his name being bellowed through the small apartment made the cat boy's head snap up from his pillow. In truth, the 'pillow' was little more than just a rolled up old sock. Granted it was a sock that could have swallowed up the entirety of the young feline's legs, but it was still a sock. Still, some pets never even got that much. Some got far worse. The slim, tortoise shell tabby pushed himself up from where he had been napping on the floor, curled up next to the vent. He winced as he sat up, hand going to the small shaved spot at his side, just above his hip. It had been over a week since the operation, but the implantation site was still tender, though healing well, he supposed. One week. That was what the veterinarian at Sin Corp had said, and the memory made Joey's heart sink slightly, a knot forming in his throat as he remembered that day. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ It was a long walk for little Joey. But not a very long trip for his owner. The little cat boy struggled to keep up with the long strides of his owner, Sasha. His green eyes slowly looks up those long, black and white legs, hearing the subdued thuds as the collie's massive foot paws struck the sidewalk again and again. His gaze made it up to his owner's rear, that curling, fluffy tail peeking out from the slit in the back of that tight red dress that barely contained the canine's plump, shapely rear. It was a sight that would have made the little feline's tiny, spined cock peek from his sheath, had he not known what rested opposite of that callipygian rump. His timid whimper at the thought of fleshy destruction was cut short, the collar around his neck jerking him forwards, nearly off his feet. He had started to fall behind in his idle musings. "Keep up, hun." Sasha's stern, yet almost honey-coated reminder made him redouble his efforts not to fall too far behind, lest the huge canine simply drag him along to their destination. After ensuring the pink leash binding him to his mistress had a safe amount of slack, the little cat continued about his idle thoughts. Craning his neck back, he looked far up at the towering canine. All important details aside, she was a sight to behold. A woman the young male would have lusted after had the world not been in such a skewed state. Even from behind he could see the sway of her generous bust with each of her steps, the

red fabric of her dress clinging tightly, accentuating her natural figure. Of course, Joey couldn't know for sure if Sasha's figure was natural, or if she had been gifted it along with the monster that rest atop her lap. Just like nearly every other woman in the city, her life had been changed suddenly and drastically. For many, it was like a dream come true. But for those like Joey, it had been the start of a constant nightmare of pain and fear. At least, in some small fashion, he had been lucky. Sasha towered above him, easily over twice the little cat boy's height. He was little more than a pet to her, a toy for her pleasure. But as his gaze shifted from the almost hypnotic motion of the canine's rump, he gazed out across the street only to see that his life could have been far worse. The sound of a startled cry made him swallow hard. Some poor equine was kicking his legs frantically as massive fingers curled around him. No collar. No leash. No owner out with him. Maybe the colt had tried to escape, to slip away while his owner was sleeping off a night of drinking. Oh, what a fool. He gasped painfully as air was squeezed from his lungs by those powerful fingers, being lifted into the air before the simply massive bovine. "What're ya'll doing out by your lonesome, hmm cutie?" He heard the huge cow say, bringing the colt up eye level with herself, which was a worrying height above the pavement even with the cow sitting her enormous ass atop the steps to an apparent complex's front door. The caught horse would have barely come up to the cow's knee! She had to be well over twenty feet tall, one of the women who was 'lucky' enough to take well to the treatment, becoming a veritable titan of barely restrained lust. Joey watches as the cow's blue eyes practically drank in the colt's trim, lightly muscled form, watching as he whimpered and struggled, desperate to force his way out of her grip. Oh, what a fool. The cat's gaze dropped lower, over the bovine's plump form. She was completely nude, using her unusual size as an excuse to forgo clothes, even within the city. Massive breasts resting atop her belly which hung heavily down between her plump thighs. Her pudgy gut however couldn't hide the huge shape of her monstrous balls, those orbs straining their furred sack with surely a mind-boggling amount of seed. A cold chill ran down Joey's back as he saw the pink of the cow's massive, pointed cock starting to peek out from under her huge belly, sliding out to teach the poor horse the foolishness of his actions. Joey couldn't watch anymore, his poor little hole ached at the thought of what was about to happen. She was going to rape and break that poor colt right there on the sidewalk! His steps quickened, little paws padding to catch back up before that leash snapped again and yanked him forwards. He was lucky, even if some days he couldn't move without pain shooting through his entire body from what was done to his poor insides. Lost in his thoughts and fears, he almost ran face first into the back of his owner's thighs as she came to an abrupt halt. Tilting his head back to look at the rather unassuming building they had stopped

in front of, the poor kitty nearly lost control of his bladder. 'Sin Corp Veterinary Clinic' the dull grey and white sign proclaimed. For a moment, Joey wondered if trying to slip his leash and taking his chances on the crowded streets like that poor horse might be preferable to following his owner into that building. He had heard horror stories about what goes on in places like this. Of ghoulish experiments trying to make males nothing more than quivering, limbless sleeves that can do nothing by sob as they're penetrated. Of tooth aches being treated by simply ramming every single tooth out of a male's mouth with a massive cock. Paralyzed with fear, like so many other things in his life, the choice was taken away from him as that leash pulled taunt and the poor catatonic feline was nearly yanked up the steps. "Oh, now don't you start.." Sasha chuckled, her long, toned legs taking her up the short run of steps to the glass and steel doors, pulling her panicked pet along with her. Joey was almost in tears. His tiny little fight or flight reflex, as poorly developed as it was, was starting to kick into overdrive, reasserting itself as he was pulled by that infernal leash towards those doors. They might as well have been the gates to hell with as many vile and horrific fates his little mind was coming up with. Starting to yowl in desperation, the only thing keeping him from being pulled over that ominous threshold was his own little foot paws jammed firmly against it. But like so much of his life, he should have known it was futile to resist. His mistress, the towering canine rape goddess, was too much for him to resist, even in his desperation. With a swift yank on that leash, he was pulled tumbling to his knees past the doorway... And it was unimaginably dull. His knees rested on the cool stone tile floor, ears teased with the soft sound of some bland, not unpleasant music being piped in over intercoms mounted in the ceiling along with the cool glow of fluorescent lights. This was not what he had expected. Not what the had heard in hushed whispers and sobbing yarns spun amongst other pets huddled together while their owner's enjoyed the high life. It was a normal and as bland as any waiting room could be. Of course, the clients waiting about weren't quite so ordinary. There was nothing truly outlandish about any of them. At least not compared to the rest of the city. To one side, a dapple grey mare sat. Her massive breasts resting on the rim of a huge cardboard box held in her lap, from which the droopy ears and nose of a small canine peeked out, both wondering what the source of all the commotion was. Not far from her, a massive elephant sat, her rotund form sat with one thick leg propped up across the other. Below her form a locked carrier sat, two worried little eyes peering out from the shadows within. Across the waiting room, Joey couldn't help but blush at

what he saw. A mouse girl, maybe nine or ten at most, sat next to her much more mature mother. The admittedly adorable girl had to be close to nine feet tall, a little raccoon boy hugged to her chest like he was some beloved teddy. Of course, Joey couldn't be sure which of the two was the reason the poor coon's midsection was heavily wrapped up in bandages. Both the mother's jeans and her daughter's yellow dress sported simply enormous bulges, more than enough to have easily ruptured something vital in the unfortunate coon. A tug from his leash brought Joey up to his feet, scrambling to follow his owner as she strode over to a a little glass window in one wall of the waiting room. The glass was decorated with all manner of small adverts and fliers, some attempting to sell products from Sin Corp, others offering services ranging from grooming, to training, to procurement. Some were even hand-written posters, asking for the return of lost pets. A short counter rested below that window, a small space letting customer converse and exchange with the receptionist. Said receptionist smiled as Sasha stepped up, the Siamese feline leaned back some from her computer, hair pulled into two buns tight against the back of her ears. "Welcome to Sin Corp Veterinary. Do you have an appointment?" Her tone was friendly, warm. Almost enough to put Joey at ease, despite the situation he found himself in now. "Yes, we're here to see Dr. Fallow" Sasha replied, lifting up the end of that pink leash. "It's Joey's big day, heh." That brought a shiver up the little kitty's spine. Perhaps they were planning something horrible for him? The sweet giggle from the Siamese didn't help matters. "Oh, I see. Well, if you'll have a seat, I'll call you once she's ready to see you. Your name please?" "Sasha Lenal." "Thank you."

Another little tug of the leash and Joey moved to follow as if on auto pilot. He followed as his own took the seat next to the dapple mare, and her hands slipped under his arms, lifting him up. Even as he was sat upon her lap, he was still lost in his worried daze. "Now you behave, hear me?" Sasha said, a firm pat of her huge hand atop the little feline's head. Was this it? Was he going to be given up to some horrific experiment? Was she leaving him to be adopted? Put down?! He had been a good pet, hadn't he? He never tried to run away, he knew better. He had never resisted too much. Well, perhaps that one time. But he learned his lesson, right? Was he not eager enough? Did he whimper or scream too much? "Pssst." This was it. The end of his miserable life. Unwanted. Rejected. He wasn't even a good cock-sock. He almost wished he could be back home, feeling his owner's monstrous spire tearing it's way through his insides, to at least end by being too good at what he was meant to be. "Pssst!" The sound slowly bright his attention up from the fear and worry that was clawing it's way up his core, the sound of someone wanting to be noticed. A slow glance about the waiting room before the sound once again bright him to gaze to his left, at the huge card board box. "Pssst!" Joey looked up over the shipping stamp inked to the side of that box, his gaze meeting with the eyes of that little canine and.. He was waving at him? More than that, he was smiling? The young pup said nothing, but he just seemed to exude youthful excitement and energy. It was strange, Joey couldn't for the life of him remember seeing another pet so happy. So excited to be out with his owner. Yet here one was, all floppy ears, bright eyes, and wagging tail. Did he actually like being a pet? Joey could feel his mouth drop open in bewilderment at the notion. If that massive mare was the pup's owner, he couldn't really enjoy what she must do to him. Could he?

"Miss Lenal?" Joey's contemplation on the curious canine was cut short as one of Sasha's huge arms curled around him, lifting him up as she stood. How long had he been there? How long was he lost in worry and depression? It had seem like so short a time, letting fear of his fate take hold of him. Then just the briefest little spark of wonder from that curious pup before he was pulled back in. Tucked up under his owner's arm, he was carried around, whimpering and squirming the entire time. "Now don't you start this again.." he heard Sasha's stern words, but he just couldn't pull himself together. This could mean life or death for him. Well, probably death either way, but not like this! Crying out for help wouldn't accomplish anything. Not would help him, none would pity him. It was true! All women just wanted to use him, to abuse him till he was useless. And now he was just that, about to be dumped off and forgotten. "If you'll follow me, we'll take him right in and.. Oh! Well it looks like someone's nervous!" Again Joey heard the receptionist's sweet giggle, but he couldn't be bothered. Too focused on his perceived struggle for survival, he didn't even bother looking up to see the Siamese. His little paws pushing and shoving with all his might against Sasha's side, trying to loosen her grip just enough for him to wriggle loose to safety. It was no good, he should have know it would be. His owner had muscles the likes of which the poor feline could only dream of. Desperation turned to panic, he flexed his fingers, letting his feline claws slip out against every warning and threat that had been drilled into his mind and... Clipped the night before! Blunt and as filed as a three week old report. Joey could feel his cheeks started to grow damp as tears began seeping from his eyes. He could hear his owner and the receptionist talking, but their words couldn't break through his panic. Whatever they were saying, he just knew it wasn't good. "Come on.. What's gotten into you today, Joey?" Sasha asked as he took the squirming, sobbing feline into her hands, trying to hold him steady as he kicked and flailed. She tried to shush him, to calm him down, but he was in a full fit, nearly yowling like his tail had been ripped off. "Just hold him down. I'll give him some gas."

So it was gas then! He was being put down! Just some unwanted, mangy alley cat. Not even good for some sick experiment. He was going to be tossed out with the trash, a limp body that no one wanted. The impact of the padded table and sterile paper did little to calm his panic as Sasha's strong hands pressed him down, fingers splayed across his chest. Her and the Siamese loomed over him, like devilish gargoyles to the frantic feline. He watches as the receptionist brought the gas mask towards him, ominously lowering it down as he heard the rush of pressure from some tank off to the side. "PLEASE!" he screamed, his little voice high and soft. "I'M SORRY! I'LL BE GOOD! PLEASE MISTRESS SASHA!" His begging cries were muffled as the rubbery lip of the mask enveloped his face. He could see his owner's face as a blur through the plastic. Was she worried? No, she couldn't be worried about a useless wretch like him. He could taste the strange metallic twang of the gas as it filled his nose and mouth, rushing into his lungs with a panicked breath. Everything seemed to get slow, sluggish and dim. His eyes felt heavy, weary, tears welling up slowly. This was it, he could feel his eyes starting to close as his vision swam. He'd close his eyes for the last time, and then that will be it. He wouldn't even get to die on Sasha's massive knot... ---------------------------- ".... so it IS a chip?..." "... Well, sort of. There's small nano-threading that controls the release of the gene therapy and hormones. But it's not just a chip..." "... why call it that, then?..." "... branding or something. Either way, there we no complications. He should be coming around soon..." Voices. He could hear them. Or see them? No, those weren't voices he was seeing. Just indistinct blobs. No, they were people. Women bathed in near blinding light. Was he dead? Was this the afterlife? Heaven? One of them sounded like his old owner. Like Sasha. So this couldn't be heaven, could it?

Joey tried to move, but everything just felt so heavy. His eyelids especially. One tortuously slow blink later, and those blobs started to look more distinct, more focused. Feeling slowly came back to his fingers and toes, every wiggle was so slow, so laborious. But strangely, painless. He had gotten used to pain since he had become Sasha's pet. His rump, his hips. His gut and chest, his jaw and face. They all had had their share of pain since that day. But now, he felt none of that. This might just be heaven. But if so, why was Sasha here? She wasn't dead. At least, he didn't think she was. Joey doubted that having a pet put down would improve one's odds of getting into heaven. "Well, look who's awake at last." That other blob said as it turned towards him, the brown mess slowly resolving itself into the shape of a deer. She had a white lab coat straining over her ponderous breasts, the buttons looking about to start flying across the room from the strain. A surgeon's reflector was atop her head, tucked in against cropped and filed antlers. Many deer had developed large antlers, amongst other things, after the change started. While many liked the 'butch' look it gave them, others still wanted to seem more feminine. Seems this doctor preferred her 'girlish' figure. The look of the busty veterinarian was hardly a distraction for Joey, too lost in contemplation about his own body. He felt, well, nothing. Despite the sluggishness that he was dealing with, he felt unburdened by pain. Not his jaw from giving his mistress's rod oral attention, nor his constantly sore rump. Nothing. That is, however, till the little feline tried to sit up. "Easy now!" Doctor Fallow tried to warn the little cat as he pushed himself too far, feeling a sudden sharp pain just above his hip on one side, making him hiss and grit his teeth. The deer moved to push him back down, but she was too slow. Sasha was ahead of her, moving to slip one hand behind Joey's head, the other on his chest, gingerly pushing him back down onto the padded table. With a little pant from the strain, Joey looked over to his owner, and his eyes grew wide. She looked concerned. Not just concerned, but even a bit relieved perhaps? The poor kitty wracked his brain, but try as he might he couldn't make sense of what was going on. He thought this was the end of his life. But now there was a doctor here, and his owner was wearing an expression he wasn't even sure she was capable of. The moment his head touched the cool, paper-covered table as Sasha's hand slipped from under him, Joey felt his entire body just relax, going limp and listless as the painful tension in his side faded. What had they done to him? Slowly he looked down at himself. His limbs were still there. His slowly rolling tongue could feel all of his teeth. Even his tiny little sheath and sack felt in their proper places. He wasn't some limbless, faceless sleeve, nor some horrid amalgam of bodily orifices. And this table sure

didn't feel like a garbage heap. You don't cradle garbage in your hands with a concerned look on your face, at least not as far as he knew. Everything about this just felt topsy turvey to the poor, groggy feline. But what he did know, was that this table felt awfully comfortable. "Is he.." "Oh, he'll be fine. Just the last bits of the anesthetic working it's way out of his system." The deer doctor replied with a chuckle. Walking over to Joey's other side, she places one finger against the side of his neck, pressing firmly but gently. A few moments passed as she looked the immobile feline before pulling her finger back. "Pulse is strong and regular. He should be ready to go home once you finish signing some papers." At that, Sasha's face just seem to glow, tail wagging behind her like she was a pup strangely happy to be in a cardboard box. Joey couldn't believe his eyes. Nor the feeling of his own tail tip flicking about at the far end of the table. Despite it all, home sounded very good right now. "Just remember, you're going to have to wait a week before using him, and he'll need plenty of rest till then," Doctor Fallow said, holding a finger up to the excited canine as she spoke sternly, yet pleasantly. One week. A week without feeling himself splitting around puppy-cock. Joey almost jumped for joy, if he could have but moved his legs. At least, he thinks he should. Right now, after what he had gone through, he would have settled for being Sasha's cock-warmer still. "And don't be too rough after that. He'll need that chip for at least a year. After that, his system will have adjusted on it's own, so you can bring him in to have it removed. That is," the deer paused to chuckle softly, "if he doesn't have a more pressing condition by then." Joey turned to look at the deer, confusion written across his face. What did she mean by 'more pressing condition'? A look to his owner just made him even more confused, her face practically beaming with excitement at the doctor's words. He wasn't given much time to dwell on what those words could have meant, Sasha's glowing face turning to look upon him with a down right radiant smile. "Ready to go home, boy?"

Joey had to bite his lip to keep from breaking down in sobs. Just the sheer relief of those words was almost too much for the poor kitty. He nodded wordlessly, slowly reaching his laggy arms upwards. He never thought he'd be so happy to feel the near crushing press of Sasha's arms wrapping around him, squeezing him almost painfully against her heavy breasts. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ One week. It felt like such a short time. One week between that operating table and the door way to Sasha's bedroom. Joey's tiny paws reaches out, taking a hold of the wooden moulding to lean himself aside, peeking into the darkened room. There she sat, a practical titan of carnal desires. The muffled light filtering in behind her through the covered window, shades pulled in tight to keep her activities private. Not that it was needed, the same and far worse was happening this very instant in dozens of bedrooms across the city. But Sasha liked to pretend there was still something dirty and secret about what she did. One week. It felt like the briefest of instants, yet at the same time an eternity of waiting. Sasha leaned back on the bed, propped up by her powerful arms. This pushed her full breasts out, letting their curves be outlined in the light. It also let the light play over something else, the dull gleam of taunt, moist flesh. She was already ready. No long teasing of rough tongue on fat sheath or sack tonight. The week had left her sorely pent up, balls practically churning with a sweltering load. Hanging off the edge of the bed, she could feel their weight. They needed release. And this would be her best shot. She knew it would happen now. "Come on, kitten" She called to him, patting the bed next to her. It made Joey's heat thump hard in his chest, a knot forming in his throat, a pale shadow of what he knew his mistress sported. This wasn't his first time. He had seen to her need many times before. But there was something different about this time. Everything carried a new edge to it. It was always dangerous, always there was the risk of Sasha going to far. Becoming too excited and too engorged in the pleasure of using his small body. He knew that in a moment, she could just rip his entire life out of him on the end of her cock. But now there was something else. A new menace to what he had to do tonight. And yet, he could still feel the tip of his tiny little cock starting to peek from his sheath. Slowly, as if be-spelled, he slinked into the bedroom, his hands balled up against his chest, tail low and swaying behind him. He looked up at her with the bashful pout one might expect of a small

child being caught misbehaving. The sight was almost too much. Sasha had to bite back a moan, feeling her swollen cock jerk, a dribble of thick pre oozing down the veiny flesh to drip from her massive but still unswollen knot. This always got to her. Even if she hadn't been waiting years for this moment, that pouty, defeated, precious expression the kitty always gave her kept setting her on edge. It took every ounce of the collie's willpower to not just grab the fragile little thing and just start ramming her cock against him. No, she had to make this count! With trembling hands, she reaches down for him, curling her fingers around the little male's upper back, she almost cradled him in her hands. Lifting him from the plush carpet, she heard the soft, startled yelp slip past the cat's lips. Oh, he was such a tease and he didn't even know it! Her breath started to come out in hurried pants, pulling massive gulps of air into her lungs, only to blow them out over the little feline. Oh, a week with no release was bad enough. But her nose had noticed how the little pet's scent had started to change. Every day it got worse and worse for Sasha. But now, this was her moment. "So cute..." Her words came out almost as a cloud of moist breath as she pulled him in, bringing the trembling little kitty to her chest. Joey didn't know if he should be terrified or ecstatic. Every time before, Sasha had just overwhelmed him. But now his owner seemed almost lost in a trance of her own. Her breaths were quick, labored, those massive breasts heaving against him as he was pulled to nuzzle with them. The warm, softly furred flesh lifted him up with every breath she took, the beat of her heart like a drum pounding in his ears. She seemed set to explode at any time, in more ways than one. He breathed deep, drawing as much air into his lungs as he could to steady himself. Was it fear or excitement that pushed him onwards? Fear of what would happen to him if his mistress was displeased. Excitement that this near goddess of lust was so electrified by his tiny, meek form. Joey just couldn't tell the difference anymore. But still, he leaned into those soft breasts, lips parting as his tiny tongue slipped out, letting the rough barbs drag over the collie's soft, thick fur. "Ahhh!" The sound almost seemed to crack in the air with static, so primed that that tiny, warm touch set Sasha's nerves on fire. It wasn't the first time she had felt that devilishly rough tongue, nor the most sensitive of spots. Bur right now it might as well been a direct strike to her engorged core. Her fingers tightened against the tiny male's back, making him grunt so cutely before she relaxed, the dangerous little squeeze encouraging him to double his efforts. His talented little tongue working it's way across that massive mound, drawing closer and closer. And then she felt it, the warm rasping at her swollen teat. Another bite to her lip, another flex of her shaft, sending the huge slab smacking soundly against

Joey's back, a splatter of pre shooting up to cling against the back of his ears. Oh yes, she hadn't forgotten the true purpose of this night. "Oooo... It's time.." That was all the warning Joey was given as Sasha's grip tightened around him once again, lifting him from the warm, soft expanse of those breasts. He could feel the slight sting as his weight pulled at his still healing scar, reminding him that his reprieve from his duties was truly over. "But... But.. M-mistress.." He gasped, worry and apprehension thick on his lips as he was held above that glistening spire. He could feel the heat radiating off of that massive cock, feel it's sticky surface brush against his legs as they dangled, pushed to part around it's girth. "I need you. I... I..." Her words trailed off there, caught in her throat as she lowered her pet downwards, reveling in the feel of his soft fur caressing her flesh. The tender squish of his cheeks as her tip pressed upwards, missing it's mark for a moment. It was a constant fight against her urges. She needed it so bad, but she had to do it right. Had to make this count. The bed groaned in protest as she shifted her massive weight, springs and wood struggling with the motion as she tilted her hips, bringing her cock back into alignment. Yes! She felt the warmth just kissing at her, teasing her. Joey's short breaths stopped for a moment, devolving into little squeaks and gasps. The sounds did little but encourage his owner onwards. Her fingers laced themselves against his shoulders, curling into almost predatory shapes as she started to push down. "Ah.. AHH!" It was music to Sasha's ears. Joey cried out as he felt his tiny little hole spreading, prodded open by that pointed tip. Wider and wider, the hot throb of the canine's cock started to dominate his insides, stretching muscles far beyond their limits as she kept sinking him further and further onto her. It was heaven for Sasha. The warm, tight grip of her little darling swallowing her again. Every pulse of her cock sent ropes of pre shooting into that warm passage. Every tremble and twitch around her brought a lusty groan from her lips. And she still needed more.

"Y-yes! More..." The words oozed over her lips, a sultry spill of lust as she lifted her hips. The sight of the poor male's belly starting to bulge was like like fine ballet. She could feel everything inside him, every bend forced straight, every muscle giving up. His adorable little cocklette had fallen from his sheath, twitching and flopping with no room left for it to hide thanks to her enormous girth. It was such a cute sight, seeing it dribble and quiver, it's tiny little spines bristling as it's owner was used like he was meant to be. It was all Joey could manage to keep from screaming out. He knew such restraint would be useless in time, but part of himself still tried to resist the unstoppable invasion of his body. As if this was the last time his body would be his own. He reaches up, hands grasping at his owner's wrists, trying to hold on for dear life as he watched that ominous bulge in his gut grow by the moment, his legs twitching as his pelvis ached. "P-please! I... I c-can't..." "Yes you can! I.. I.." The lusty collie growled, gritting her teeth as the fur down her back started to stand up. Oh, she was starting to loose herself. Her hips beat down against the bed, over and over, rebounding to drive more and more of herself into her squirming, gasping plaything. Everything felt soft and warm, the lewd sounds of the cat's body starting to give in driving her onwards. Each thrust brought a wet, sloppy squish, a sharp cry, and a lust-drunk moan from the canine's throat. Every stroke pushed the poor cat closer and closer to his final destination. That fat knot and his owner's release. This was what she had waited for. What she had lived for. Scrimped and saved and worked overtime for. Practically snarling as Joey could take no more, his head throwing back, mouth falling open in a pained scream. The sound made Sasha's knot start to swell, even as the poor feline's soft cheeks just started to press against it. There was no more time, no more waiting. "FUCK!" She snarled, drool flying from her lips to splatter across Joey's screaming face as her grip grew even tighter. Something in the poor cat's shoulder popped under her finger, but she couldn't worry about that. Arms flexing, she shoved hard, hips jerking up, and down poor Joey went. His legs shot outwards violently, spasming as his pelvis just couldn't take it. Pushed out of joint as that enormous knot lodged itself inside him, the tip of that throbbing spire pushing hard into him, forcing the air from his lungs in a harsh, painful grunt. And then he could feel it. Over the growing pressure in his hips from that

swelling knot, he could feel the hot, thick rush flooding into his bruised and battered guts. Again and again, his body was jerked about, moved from inside with every twitch of Sasha's cock, and that monstrous bulge started to push outwards. His ears filled with the gurgling sound of seed rushing through him, skin straining and flesh bloating. What short, gasping breaths he could take around his owner's tip started to fade as the pressure continued to build, pushing upwards as he watches his fur thin across his expanding belly. As the taste of hot, fresh sperm started to tickle the back of his throat, he just couldn't take it any more. His vision started to blur, eyes rolling back as he lost his grip on consciousness as swiftly as his hands slipped from around Sasha's wrists. As the world around him started to fade into white, he could hear his owner's panting, huffing voice ring in his ears before even they started to clog with seed. "Oh gods.. I... I..." ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Joey! Come here, boy!" His eyes slowly started to work their way open, a slow blink to start washing sleep from his vision. The air still had a bit of chill about it, a slight sharp edge he couldn't quite escape, even next to the heating vent. Slowly Joey ran a hand down his side as he continues to lay there on the floor. His mistress could wait a moment or two more before he got in trouble. His fingers ran through his fur, all the way down to his sore hip. His fur had grown back nicely in the past six months, though he could still feel the small scar where he was operated on. It was a small reminder of what had been done to him. He should be upset. Furious at his owner for having it done to him, at the veterinarian for doing it to him. And at himself for not being strong enough to stop them. He should be upset. But for some reason he just couldn't bring himself to be so. Besides, it wasn't the biggest reminder of what had happen. "Joey! The fuck is taking so long?!" Oh, he had better get up. Those words could either be really good. Or really bad. Placing first one hand on the plush carpet, then the other, the lazy cat slowly started to push himself up.

"UHHHHHH!" Grunting with effort, he was panting by the time he got himself sitting upright. Before even attempting to stand, he looked down at himself and the source of his troubles. Stretched out before him was the expanse of his belly. Not just his belly, but his mistress's child! Every day he could feel the pup inside him growing larger, stronger, heavier. He was sure it was a pup. He was having a girl, no doubt. Why else would he be getting so swollen? It wasn't all bad, he reminded himself. Looking over next to his pillow, the now large, empty bowl had once been full of milk. Joey wasn't sure which was harder for him to believe. That he had drunk the entire thing himself in a matter of minutes. Or that his owner kept bringing them to him. But he couldn't spend all night wondering on how strange of a turn his life has taken. He was still his mistress's pet. Just now a much fatter pet. He reaches out for the foot stool left next to his sleeping spot. It had once been so his owner's feet didn't have to rest on the floor on cold days, but she had allowed him to use it. Seems a ambulatory pet was more important to her than warm feet. With another grunt of effort, Joey slowly got himself to his feet, legs spread and shaking around the girth of his pregnancy, but standing none the less. After a moment to catch his breath, he waddled down the hall towards his owner's bedroom. The sight that awaited the poor, swollen feline was quite the one to behold. The curtains were pulled back, light from a near by street lamp illuminating the drifting shape of snow falling outside the window. The soft light casting upon the bed, wreathing his mistress in it's glow. Sasha sat there atop the sheets, naked save for a overly fluffy knit scarf wrapped around her neck. As his eyes took her in, he saw she wasn't erect. At least, not yet. He doubt the sight of his gravid form would allow the collie to remain so calm for long. He had worried that she would end up licking all the fur off of his ponderous belly. Seems the lewd pup loved lavishing attention on her swollen pet. Sasha smiled at the sight of the little walking womb her pet had become, patting the rolled up blanket at the foot of the bed. "Let's watch the snow, cutie..." Despite himself, Joey couldn't stop a smile from creeping across his lips, nor the tip of his tail flicking behind him. With great effort he started to carry himself and his owner's growing child towards the bed. Perhaps he could get used to being a pet...
