Even though he had now been living with Kel for over a week, this was the first time John had been out of her apartment since his capture. 
It was the middle of the day, the clocks had told him as much, but down on street level, it felt dark and claustrophobic. Huge apartment complexes and buildings of every kind towered over the landscape, causing it to feel like perpetual dusk. The shadows dancing in the dim street lights played fear into his mind, worried he was going to be snatched away.
The Infrastructure of this overbuilt hypersexualised society left him at a loss for words. It was nothing like the small cramped basic construction of Bastion. There were huge futuristic buildings surrounding them on all sides, high walkways linking them together, dozens of alleyways and rat runs winding in between like a labyrinth. High tech billboards and neon signs quickly flashing through the latest tech and the occasional Sin Corp Product.
“Tired of buying second hand toys? Are farm-bred too frail and wild-caught too expensive? Try breeding your own! Sin's patented new FEM chip will cause your toy slut to exclusively birth new toys! Combined with Sin Corp's Momma’s MilkTM they'll be fully grown within the week! Try it today!”
As they walked down the street, he could feel the envious eyes of other girls gnawing at his naked form; desperate to get a piece of him. He could feel the societal split which fractured this city: some girls had no toys to vent their explosive lust, while some of the higher class girls, similar to Kel, payed him no heed as they walked past with pets of their own. Some toys being dragged behind their masters looking fresh and nervous like him, others looked completely defeated and obedient. One particular boy was being dragged by a leash, his limp body scraping along the concrete behind his lioness master; a clumpy white line pouring out of his gaping prolapsed anus, marking the exact route they had taken. 
A couple more streets and alleys passed and John started to have a realization. All of the girls were big. Well that wasn’t much of a revelation in of itself, but they were just that, big… not giant. Most of the girls ranged from 10-12 feet tall. Huge compared to his measly frame, but nothing compared to his master Kel’s impressive stature. He started to feel a pang of pity within himself, for she was one of the most powerful and dominant women in this city, but no toy was big enough for her to bury her pent up lust deep inside.  Most of the women’s cocks ranged from a couple feet long to downright un-survivable, but Kel’s telegraph pole was so big, she couldn’t even dream of penetrating a nice warm fuck-hole. John shook that last thought out of his head, maybe this city was starting to get to him.

All sorts of different species gathered here. Down one alleyway he saw a group of women, all appearing to be rodents of one kind or another, scheming together. They seemed twitchy and looked like they might make a move on him at any moment; but as they started to shift on their heels, Kel spun them a glare which could have cut stone. They very quickly cowered back toward the rest of their group. For the first time John felt thankful to be in her safety of her shadow.
As they passed further and further into the winding streets, it felt like the world was closing in around them. John had never had claustrophobia before due to being born and raised inside of Bastion’s cramped underground environments, but the sheer scale of everything around him threw him for a loop. The way the tall buildings were built so close together, it made him feel very uneasy, especially as the buildings felt like they were twisting inward toward this particularly dark area. He could feel it in his bones that he shouldn’t be here; down here bad things happen to boys like him. And he was soon about to find out just that.
 He could see deep red light pouring out of the next turning and wondered what it could be. As they walked past the entrance to the alley he could immediately tell why this area was bathed in a sultry red light. One tall Crocodilian lady stood there smoking a cigarette. She wore leather calf hugging boots, with particularly large platform soles on them, along with fishnet tights that ran right up her thighs, only just ending where her thighs met her torso. In her other hand she held a loop that had several leashes hanging off of it, each trailing down to males she appeared to be pimping out. Further down into the murky recesses of the alley, where the red light barely touched, John could see some guys had already been chosen by their clients and were being used thoroughly. 
 One was on his knees, gagging roughly on the meat rod which speared his throat, tears and saliva being thrown everywhere. John was sure that each time her cock spread the poor guy’s throat wide, that his leather collar was going to break from the inside. Another man had been hoisted up on top of a dumpster. He was bent over forward reaching out for any kind of grip he could secure himself with and she was really pounding at him. John imagined the pain the man must be feeling as each time her huge hips crashed into his soft bottom, his legs swung underneath him slamming into the metal side of the dumpster. Kel quickly ushered him on, much to John’s relief that she wasn’t here to pimp him out for public use.
John really didn’t like this place and he just wanted to get back to the safety of Kel’s flat.
Only a couple cramped streets later, John’s peripheral glanced something that struck actual fear into him; but he couldn’t tell why. He stopped walking and squinted down a dark wide alley. His eyes were struggling to adjust to the almost unnatural darkness; as if even the light was afraid to touch this corner of the city.  Far down the end, in the murky abyss, he could see several pairs of deep yellow glowing eyes floating around the shadows as if incorporeal.  The eyes were suddenly accompanied by a hideous snarling that sounded like something out of a monster novel. “Ferals” Kel said, with a very matter of fact tone in her voice. “Don’t ever go near them, they aren’t sane anymore. They won’t even treat you as a toy. You will be no more than raw meat.” 
As she made that statement, a loud rattling noise came bowling down a yellow pipe attached to the building next to them. From the end of it a Feline looking man with golden fur spewed out and into the alley. He scrambled to his feet and shouted up the pipe, trying his hardest not to cry, “Please don’t throw me out! I can still be of use! Don’t leave me down here pleaseee! I live to serve!” he tried to clamber back into the pipe, but it was fruitless.
John froze in terror as all at once, every pair of Yellow eyes fixated on the poor feline. A single huge paw came sulking out of the shadows, then behind it followed a huge brown ursine female; hunched over onto all fours, like their natural counterparts. She had huge sagging breasts that nearly touched the floor and a colossal throbbing canine like erection that split the cavern of her hanging cleavage and stood proudly out of the other side… with considerable size to spare. Behind the bear two large wolves emerged from the darkness, followed by a small mixed group of creatures, varying in size and species. All of them were hunched over onto all fours, all with cold dead eyes and snarling mouths. The feline man hadn’t noticed them yet and John wanted to shout for him, but his throat seized up and dry fear prevented him. 
Half a second later they pounced. The largest of the ferals dragged him back away from the pipe. His mind didn’t have time to process what was happening as he screamed his lungs out. Suddenly the feline’s golden coat was obscured to a mere blur. The group of ferals had piled on top of him, their claws scratching at his flesh as they desperately and wildly thrust their hips, trying to find purchase in some unwilling hole to pump full of their need. The apparent alpha of the pack, the huge bear that first emerged, forced the group to part as she made for his hind. A second scream even louder than the first indicated she had found her mark, and her fast sawing hips indicated she needed this and didn’t care if she turned him inside out as she took what she wanted. 
The rest of the pack jostled and fought for space around their prey. One managed to thrust and ram her cock into his wailing mouth. With the size of her package, a bloodcurdling crunch could be heard even over the snarls of the frenzied pack, as his jaw instantaneously snapped out of place. He tried to scream again but couldn’t, the tree trunk shoved into his throat preventing any further noise from escaping his vocal cords; which themselves had been shredded open.
 Before long, John couldn’t see much through the swirling thrusting mass of frenzied ferals. Blood started to splatter out of gaps between the pack, as claws and teeth were brought down onto the soft fleshy male. John could see glimpses of bloodied cock thrusting inside parts of the man’s body where they shouldn’t be; new holes had been torn from his flesh so every member of the pack could defile as much as they could. With their ferocity, soon there would be nothing but a bloody stain in the middle of the alleyway, waiting to be washed away by the rain.
Kel muttered to herself “What a waste.” but seemed completely unfazed by the entire ordeal. “Come along now, we have an appointment to keep.” John couldn’t move. His knees had locked up, his entire body shook, and urine dribbled weakly down his leg. “Pathetic. If you don’t move, I might feed you to them myself.” She said as she kicked him in the back. With Kel’s towering size, it sent him sliding down the main street. The concrete scratched at his face but thankfully he was now away from that cursed alley. With his gaze broken from the horrific scene that had just unfolded in front of him, he managed to unseize his joints and stand to his feet. He quickly hurried behind Kel and followed her more closely than before as she moved further through this maze of a city.

About 15 minutes later, John had started to calm down from the atrocity he had just witnessed, and the streets were finally starting to open out; sunlight now managing to trickle all the way down to street level. Then the street they were walking down for what felt like forever opened out onto a huge open plaza, illuminated in bright beautiful sunshine; he had to take a second to adjust his eyes to the new luminosity. This place seemed wealthy. People were sat outside coffee shops, discussing the news and sipping their drinks. People were walking around between office buildings, all wearing very formal attire; which in this predominantly nude world didn’t actually mean much. One Fox lady walked past wearing stilettos and a pencil skirt, but nothing constricting her pert petite breasts.  An elephant lady walked the other direction wearing only a pair of half rim glasses and a tie, which didn’t do much as it got lost inside the cleavage of her very low hanging breasts. It seems absolutely everything about elephants must be large as her ‘trunk’ hung down to her calf.
Although he was still stuck in this city, he felt newfound relief. The sudden release from the horrid suffocating underbelly of the city was refreshing. Here, where the sun shone against the yellow brick paving he felt all the claustrophobia of before being washed away. Although there were giantesses walking briskly by him on all sides, he no longer felt their eyes gnawing at his flesh, as they went about their days; probably having toys aplenty to sate their appetites given the apparent wealth of the area. 
Only one thing felt off, and it took him quite a while to pin down exactly what it was. The plaza was genuinely massive; it was wide enough to park a jumbo jet in without the wingtips touching the sides, even if the plane had been scaled up to match the inhabitants of this city. And it stretched as far as he could see. From the street they had emerged from it only went a couple hundred meters to the left, but looking over to the right, the plaza seemed to continue on into the infinite. He wondered what the reason for such a large construction could be before his attention was drawn away and again leftward, to the end of the plaza. 
At the end there were two office skyscrapers, with a square pink building tightly packed between them. In the centre of this building was a huge tunnel held open by a metal frame that seemed to suck the light from its surroundings. It took him a while to get over this weird sense of unease emanating from the peculiar tunnel building but he slowly got over it and assumed it was the entrance to something underground, although it looked wide enough to drive a lorry down inside. The lights inside must have gone faulty because there was a construction warning and “No Entry” signs dotted around it.
Just as he was soaking in the atmosphere of this place, the ground started to shake. He looked hurriedly over to the tunnel, but the shaking was actually was coming from his right. The ground shaking came in a steady rhythmic motion, one that he recognised… footsteps. He gasped as a head crested over the horizon in the far distance.
It took her only a minute to cross the huge distance, and John quickly realised the plaza wasn’t actually a plaza, it was an oversized walkway! She was COLLOSAL! It was as if Mother Nature herself had risen up and now walked the face of the earth. She was taller than the skyscrapers were; each footfall shook the ground with such force his knees threatened to give out.  
She was absolutely beautiful. 
She had a deer like nonhuman body that looked like the divine aspect of fertility itself: the most defined curves he had ever seen, huge breasts that seemed to constantly flow a gentle trickle of milk; which flowed down off her shapely breasts and accentuated her toned abdominal muscles, glinting in the sunlight, before cascading around her colossal horse like cock which reached down to her knees. She had giant antlers that had small ornaments hanging from them, which looked like totems and other carvings that her followers had offered unto her. 
Within a couple steps she had crossed the gap and was now stood directly in front of them. Kel had pulled them both into a side street to avoid being crushed beneath her humongous feet, but she just seemed more annoyed at the delay to their journey, rather than the pure awe and bewilderment that John was experiencing right now. 
She walked up to the dead end of the plaza and John wondered where she would go. But then suddenly and surprisingly the pink building started to rise out of the ground! And below it were… feet? John had seen many things in this world but this truly made his heart sink. It wasn’t a building. Now he could finally see the full picture. It was a giant man strapped into a building sized metal contraption. Oversized pipes and bars curled around his limbs, holding him in place. He was restrained in the facedown foetal positon with his knees tucked up into his chest. This positon caused his anus to be exposed, and John now fully realised why he got such an off feeling from that tunnel. The man was on top of a giant square metal platform that extended with four giant pistons from beneath. A giant sign now rising out of the ground read “Sin Corp. Experimental Tech, Not Yet For Public Sale.”
The Goddess walked up to the waiting cock receptacle and started stroking herself to readiness. Without any prior warning she then shoved her cock into the man's oversized anus. He might have been made giant himself, but apparently Sin Corp still took some twisted pleasure in not making him quite big, or loose, enough to handle his intended audience. He screamed into his car sized ball gag as she tore her way inside him. Very quickly she picked up a rhythm, pounding into his backside as if this was her first good fuck for years.  
John’s elation was shattered.  His wonder at seeing someone who might be a real deity was crushed and turned to ash, as before his very eyes she revealed herself to be no more than just another one of these cock hungry masculinity breaking psychopaths. He could see now that the totems and ornaments she wore in her antlers were actually living men, one of nearly every species, bound up tightly and left to swing there for eternity. Wet slaps resounded around them as blood fell from the giant man’s torn ass and splatted against pavement, coating most of the nearby buildings in a faint red hue. His muffled screams and her gargantuan moans were echoing for miles around as she picked up her rhythm; she even grabbed a hold of the two adjoining office blocks for leverage and started pounding as hard as she could. Each impact of their hips sent a shockwave of air spiralling through the city; blowing over bins and sending unfastened toys falling onto their pert asses. John only managed to remain standing by holding onto Kel’s calf for dear life. 
Not long later she was nearing her limit, and given her almost ‘divine’ fertile nature it was going to be a big finish. She thrust hard a couple times and let loose a howling moan that showed the true juxtaposition of this world. The prey becoming the dominate one, the predator becoming the bitch. Half a second later his stomach started to bloat. It swelled and swelled. Then from around the ball gag a literal waterfall of cum came surging out. Her reserves of cum must have been limitless because then it came crashing out of his nose. With every tense of her balls, gallons and gallons were pumped through him. 
Eventually His ass sprung a leak, the pressure within causing it to jet out and crash into the middle of the plaza, splashing cum all around them. Then finally with a couple last ditch thrusts, the goddess threw her head back in bliss as her balls tensed up unimaginably hard. A huge torrent of seed came flowing out and surged through his already bloated body. His body’s weak points just couldn’t take the internal pressure. Suddenly cum burst out of his ears, and his eyes very quickly followed suit. His whole body had become a cum fountain drowning anybody unfortunate enough to be on the other side of those office buildings. With a satisfied sigh the goddess pulled her cock out and stood to the side, allowing the internal pressure to explosively eject a geyser of cum out of his ass and coat every building behind them in her unbelievably thick jelly. Wet splats resounded out for several blocks. Kel grabbed John around the back of his neck and tucked further into the side street they were on. Seconds later a large clump of cum splat just where they were standing. It was so thick heavy that it probably would have either killed him, had it been a direct hit, or at least drowned him.



The shaking ground begun anew as the goddess turned around and began to walk away; leaving a trail of cum still dripping out of her freshly bloodied cock. 
Once the rumbling of footsteps died down, Kel walked out into the plaza. John was awestruck. His mind just couldn’t comprehend what had happened around him. There was cum everywhere, it was a foot deep all over the plaza and it was so thick it was like walking through tar. 
Kel quickly scooped him up and sat him on her right shoulder when she realised what was happening before striding over the plaza, feeling the occasional wet squelch as she navigated the titanic deer’s road-flooding load.
After crossing the bukkaked plaza and entering an untainted side street, Kel placed a bewildered John back down onto the floor. As if completely ignoring or unfazed by the events that had just occurred before their very eyes, Kel said. "Come on Bishop, not far to go now."