John awoke to a gentle swaying motion. He blinked his eyes open to an imperceptible darkness being cut in half by a piercing bright light. He was slouched against a wall. He struggled to get his feet underneath himself and regain his balance; his eyes slowly adjusting to the stark contrasting light. He realised he was in a very small room, tiny even; no bigger than his shower at home. The box was just tall enough to stand in, with two wide holes cut out just above his eye line, allowing the light to pierce inward.
His mind was still foggy. He couldn't remember much; just that he had joined an expedition. His home of Bastion was an underground community. Over the years it had gotten so low on resources the citizens were getting desperate. They’d been underground so long, no-one knew truly why. Some said rumours of monsters, others said rumours of war. All they knew is they should stay in Bastion; that even though they had little, they were safe. But John wasn’t content with that, he didn’t believe in monsters or the bogeyman. He wanted more for his wife and future family. He wanted his wife and brother to taste true freedom. Not just living… but life. Somewhere that he could start a new family of his own. He and a couple other families had decided, against others wishes, to venture out and find new safe areas to inhabit; new untouched lands to call their own.
 The expedition was led by an anthro nonhuman, a large rhino named Jebohdiah. He towered over most citizens at about 7 foot tall and sported a majestic horn. It was ornately engraved with spirals and swirls. He was also one of the heads of Bastion’s security; his agreeing to come along granted the whole trip a feeling of legitimacy. Mostly to quieten the discontent of people unwilling to let their loved ones venture out; but also to protect the parties should anything go awry.
After that all John can remember is a huge shadow, followed by screams.
He assessed the box he currently found himself in. He quickly realised two things at the same time: he was worryingly naked and the box was made of solid metal. His back flinched as it lightly brushed one of the sides; immediately sapping his exposed body of its warmth. There also seemed to be a gentle swaying motion; rocking more back and forth, rather than side to side. A ship maybe? He focused his still disoriented mind and strained his ears. A loud rhythmic 'clack clack'. He couldn't hear any sea life, or any waves. Maybe it was a train? No, the sound wasn’t metallic enough, and too loud; it sounded like it was right outside the box. But what it really sounded like was... High heels? He stood upon his tip toes and looked through one of the holes, taking a second for his eyes to adjust to the bright light.
It was a hallway? It looked like the inside of a high-rise building, with doors lining the walls and a red patterned carpet. Hotel rooms maybe? But the doors had names: Mrs Petunia. Ms Rockleid. Mrs and Mr Hemmeldown. Hotels don't have names… apartments maybe? But something just didn't look right, everything seemed to be off. He couldn't place his finger on it, but as his mind, which was still recovering, pieced it all together his stomach sank. Everything was big. Way too big. Huge! Everything was! The doors, the doorbells, the picture frames and even the potted plant sitting outside someone's door. Some of the doorways he was passing were around 9 feet tall and the ceiling was very, very high!  Some of the doorways further down the corridor looked to be over 20 feet tall! John had heard of tall nonhumans, but Jebohdiah was one of the largest in all of Bastion, even he wouldn’t need a door this big.
He had heard the rumours, always been suspicious, but had never believed them to be true. Apparently decades ago some nonhuman females had started growing at an alarming rate, and become increasingly aggressive towards men. It was unknown if the effects were natural or manufactured, but these women were hastily removed from Bastion and sent to other cities. He never had any basis to believe it, Bastion was full of nonhumans, but the more he thought about it, the more he realised just how rare sighting a female was. And the more he realised why his precious city may have been hidden for all this time. He inhaled very sharply, panic starting to set in.
The huge intake of air echoed inside his box, he quickly realised that was a mistake. "Oooo he's awake" came a loud booming giggle. It sounded like it came from directly next to him. Suddenly the floor started to rock dramatically, way stronger than they gentle sway it had before, causing him to lose his balance. He grabbed onto the hole in the wall for support, but he realised it wasn't the floor that was shifting; his whole box was being lifted. Slowly a shadow was cast over his box and he was brought level with two huge shining emerald eyes. He stood there, mouth agape, in awe at the sheer size of these eyeballs; maybe the monster rumour did have some truth to it.
The huge face moved back a bit, and with a bit of distance he could finally see what it was. She was a nonhuman, a red panda most likely; with distinctive looking red fur crossed by brown bands, featuring a white patch and stripe covering her face. Just one of her huge glistening eyes was about as big as his entire face.
As if she had an insect in a jar, she shook the box from side to side; causing him to stagger around his cramped confinement. He clasped onto the rim of the hole she was peering through, desperately trying to stabilize himself. She revelled in the small man trying his hardest to stay balanced. “Hello there little one.” She said with a slight hint of excitement in her voice. Shaking the box harder this time, she laughed as John’s grip slipped away and his face disappeared from the hole, landing on his bottom. “Let’s get you inside.” 
After losing his footing John couldn’t see much outside the box, but he did see one of her giant furred hands reach out and twist a door handle. In the centre of the door was a large sign that read “Kel.” A couple seconds passed and the light flowing into his boxed shifted from the warm yellow glow of indoor lights that were illuminating the corridor, to a more soft natural light presumably flowing in from a window. He heard the door close behind them and then he felt the box stop swaying with a metallic clank; she had presumably placed him down somewhere.
Suddenly the world started spinning and a loud clang resounded outward as his box was tipped over. The top popped off and he came spilling out, skidding at least 8 feet across the smooth wooden floor. Taking a second to readjust himself, he sat up onto his knees and pushed up to his feet. Then it all started to sink in. 
He was facing into a large studio flat. A small kitchen area was off to the left, with a large dining table and chairs. Then the room curved round into a lounge area with a sofa in front of him. In the right wall were three doors. The one furthest along the wall was open and looked to lead into the master bedroom. The middle one had a WC sign and the last room, closest to the front door, had a bright pink sign that had the letter ‘S’ emboldened on it.

It looked like a lovely place to live except for one thing, just like the hallway outside, everything was massive. He couldn’t actually see if there was a TV or anything the other side of the lounge area because the sofa was so big it was blocking his view. The Table in the kitchen area looked like it was as tall as a bungalow. The seats of the chairs alone were as tall as him plus his arms stretched out.
A boom rumbled through his legs and up his body as the giant lady stomped around behind him. The wonderment of seeing everything from a toddler’s point of view instantly disappeared and the fear came rushing back to him. He spun around to look at his captor. He saw she had placed his box on the ground before cruelly kicking it over.
From This angle he could truly see just how big she was. Kel stood around 18 feet tall, with John only just coming up to her knee. Her sheer size alone exuberated a terrifying presence. He wanted to turn hypothetical tail and run. But fear kept his feet firmly planted. She wasn’t wearing a top, so he could see her breasts, large even relative to her size; sat with slight sag only merely hinting at their true weight. She stood there with her arms folded underneath them, each breath making them rise and fall almost hypnotically. They were so large that each slight movement from their owner sent a ripple cascading across the supple flesh. 
She reached down and unbuttoned her tight jeans. As her oversized garment felt free, it whipped up an air wave that pushed John back a step. Steadying himself, he looked at the giantess. She had thick muscular thighs and powerful legs. As His eyes travelled up, they froze in shock and fixated on her crotch.
She had a massive penis… no this wasn’t a penis, it was a cock. Surprisingly it didn’t match her red panda physiology. It was horse-like, equally thick from base to tip and the end was flat and slightly wider than the rest; ready to stretch out any hole she wanted. The thing wasn’t even hard and it reached part way down her thigh. It was probably half as tall as he was!
"Oh my god! That's unholy!" He half screamed as he stumbled backwards, falling onto his ass. Kel slipped her feet out of her jeans then knelt down in front of him. As her knee’s collided with the wood floor, it created a mighty rumble that passed through floor and up across his ass. She started running her fingers all over her pubis just above her dick, letting the slight tantalising tingles flow through her body and coax blood into her cock. With each pulse of blood that surged into the monster it rapidly hardened, throbbing to attention. She had positioned herself so the shadow of her rapidly hardening member grew and hovered over him; completely blocking the light and engulfing him in her presence.
"God?  Haha this is your god now!” she said giving it a gentle flick. With its sheer size the air currents it created whipped around John’s naked form; showing just how much power was behind the colossal battering ram.
“Your Gods have forsaken you, boy. Your sole existence is for nothing but to empty my fat cum filled nuts.” She reached under herself and grabbed one of her hefty nuts, lifting it slightly as if weighing it, to emphasize the point.
 “Now worship my cock!" her horse cock now stood to attention in its fully glory. 8 feet long.  John’s mind just couldn’t process it, It was bigger than his entire body! She grabbed the base of her cock, swung it up and suddenly slammed it down into him. The weight of her massive tree trunk crashed down into him and he was crushed flat onto his back, knocking the wind right out of his lungs.
 Before he could recover or even comprehend the sudden crushing weight pressing his torso into the hard wood floor, she snarled at him "Or drown in my salty precum!" She slid her fingers from the base of her turgid member right to the flared tip, coaxing out a huge glob of salty slime. Gravity took it and with an audible splosh, it fell onto his face; absolutely coating his head. The sudden slime facial completely filled his open mouth, causing him to splutter and gag on the thick goo. With the sheer volume of her precum, and his arms unable to reach around her unfathomable girth, he couldn't remove the thick substance from his face; he panicked but had no option but to swallow.
 Glug, glug, glug. He took huge mouthfuls of the stuff, gaging slightly on how salty the slime tasted as it slithered down his throat. Once he had swallowed all the nasty liquid covering his mouth and the blockage was cleared, he sucked in air as if it was the elixir of life itself. 
Now his mind had oxygen again, he started to calm slightly. The immense power she held, even using nothing but the weight of her penis, scared him. He realised he needed to keep her happy if he didn’t want her to truly hurt him. 

She gave him a moment to breathe, before giggling and stroking yet another fat glob of slime out of her cock and onto his tiny face. He was ready this time, but just as he was about to start eating his entire meal worth of lubricant, she once again flicked her cock up and then slammed it down hard onto his chest. He spluttered as she winded him, sending precum flying from his face and lips, splattering all around him as he coughed and gagged horrendously. She seemed to enjoy his suffering, so as he was once again trying to suck in air, she did it again, smashing her cock down onto his chest. Almost breaking into full laughter as a string of precum dangling from the tip of her cock, used its whip like momentum, to swing down a second after her cock had impacted and hit him dead in the face like a huge water balloon. 
Before he could comprehend the sudden tirade of abuse he’d suffered, let alone recover his bearings from the impacts, a sudden soft warmness completely enveloped him. He felt less pressure weighing down on his chest, now it seemed to weigh evenly across him, with ever so slightly more pressure on both of his arms. John opened his eyes to find darkness, but he quickly realised he was encased in soft flesh. She had shifted her knees forward and sat down on him; letting her huge heavy nutsack splay out, completely coving his upper body and head. He pulled his arms in, and then pushed his hands up in front of his face to create a space to breathe in; his hands sinking deeply into the soft nutsack. She gently gyrated back and forth, enjoying the slick feeling of her precum lubricating between her nutsack and his face. He could actually feel the two huge swollen orbs, being slowly dragged up and down his sides. He felt like he was on the inside of a warm tit-wank, but instead of a cock, it was his entire body. While grinding her sack over his face, she continuously stroked her colossal she-cock in a long slow rhythm.
"Lick it. Worship it." she murmured in a low rumble; her stern and steady character echoing around the room. 
He gingerly stuck his tongue out. It tasted. Odd. Not displeasing. But he licked it again anyway. And again. And again. He got into his own rhythm of kissing the leathery flesh as she dragged her nuts across him. 
The taste of her nuts, her musk; her scent was working its way all around his mouth and into the back of his throat, invading his nose and lungs. It was almost addictive. 
"Oh my, you really are good at worshipping with your tongue; it seems you're enjoying it too." She said in with a slight moan; though she sounded slightly muffled through her soft nutflesh.  Her comment starkly reminded him of what he was doing. He snapped out of his trance, realising he wasn't in a nice soft warm cocoon, he was being smothered by some scarily large lady-testicles! He tried to wiggle free, but as his hips shook from side to side he realised his own dick was as hard as rock. The hardest he had been in a very long time. 
“Oh I can feel your little thing poking me. You must really love my scent… she raised her groin off him, allowing in fresh air for him to swallow. She grasped her nuts in her hands and lifted them up, showing off her slightly sweaty taint. “Here why don’t you try it from the source!” 
Before he could object or protest she had landed on top of him. Her crotch was pungent, it was overwhelming and it immediately sent his mind reeling. He couldn’t breathe clean air or think. Once again she continued gyrating her hips, grinding herself into his small face, as if trying to embed her sent directly into his skin, to mark him as her property forever. He tried holding his breath, but he had to take what he could get. Soon he was breathing her thick musk. His mind finally accepting what this meant; He now belonged to her. He was no longer his own person. He was naught but her sexual plaything.
Finally, with acceptance of this new purpose, he stuck his tongue out. The wet slither across her taint was bliss and she let out a deep rumbling moan. 
"Mmm, what a good little bitch you're warming up to be." She said accentuating the point by grinding her hips particularly hard into his face. "You must be really receptive to the musk of a true Alpha."
"Maybe you want to try more." She slid her hips forward again, But only ever so slightly. Just enough that now hovering just above John's face was her huge puffy asshole, winking in anticipation. Suddenly Kel dropped herself down, his face sinking slightly into the puckered orifice. 
"Get to work, Bitch."
He pushed his tongue forward once again, making sure to treasure her bitter taste. His mind was flooded with ecstasy, pure bliss at the feeling of total domination; Surrendering complete control of self. He eagerly lapped at her asshole, hoping to please his new mistress. Making circles around her ring and moistening it up.  Soon she started to bob up and down. Just small bounces. Each time his face, which was about as big as her thumb, would sink slightly into the awaiting oversized orifice. 
The feeling of her asshole being stretched, even just the slightest amount as his face pushed in deeper, was just flooding through Kel's body. She started to bounce slightly faster and faster. Using his face as she would normally use a finger; pushing in just enough to sate that itch and toy with her tingling hole while stroking her mammoth dick. 
She stopped bouncing and lifted herself forward, landing on all fours; though continuing to use one hand to stroke her massive horsecock.
"Come to the front, Boy." He slowly sat up, propping his arms behind himself. He took a moment to process what he was going through. He had just been buried in that huge ass; it was beautifully curvy yet very muscular and firm. If she had been a girl his size, he would have been so proud he had managed get that into his bed. He was mesmerized by how it jiggled and shifted as she swayed her hips in front of him, as if presenting her asshole to a male to dominate it; but he had learned better. He knew she was the dominant one here and he was just here to pleasure her every whim. He pushed himself up to his feet. At his full height he measured from her knee om the floor, to the top of her soft round rump.
He started to walk around her leg to stand in front of her, but she suddenly snarled at him "No! Go through, a bitch like you deserves to be as close to my crotch as possible at all times; it's all you pitiful men are worthy of."
He stepped back and looked between her gently swaying thighs. Her heavy nuts were dangling down, swinging with the momentum of their master, and he could see her tree trunk of a cock being stroked just beyond that; a huge puddle of precum being built up beneath it, making John actually rather relieved that his face was no longer in the firing line. 
Instead of being belittled further by having to crawl under the monstrous organs, He used both hands to lift up her heavy testicles. They had been pressing down on him just moments before, but this time he had to use his own strength to lift them. He now understood just how heavy they were, and how much they surged and throbbed with semen just waiting to be released. 
He bent down and passed underneath them, as if traversing a low branch in some dense woodland. Once through though he couldn't stand up straight again because she was still jacking off her long cock just above his head. Staying bent low, he walked forward, towards her pair of huge soft mammeries. The way they just hung there, slightly jiggling with each slow stroke up and down her cock. The fur they were covered in looked so soft and comforting.  The sight of their slow undulation was warm and inviting, almost motherly even; completely contrasting the musk of a dominant male that had been coated in, ingrained into his very skin. Her nipples were firmly erect and almost tickled themselves along the floor.
He reached out to grasp one of the giant orbs of flesh.
"How dare you!" She bellowed. Suddenly he got hit with the full force of a train slamming down into his back. He was flattened out on the hard wood floor again, this time face down. This impact sent his mind spinning. His whole back hurt. She had slammed her rock hard cock directly down onto him, and the fact that it was thicker than he was round made it feel like he had been stomped on by a car.
The adrenaline of pain kicked in, fight or flight started to take hold. Something finally clicked into place within his mind. He awoke to the fact that, she wasn't just using him for some twisted sexual release, he was a toy... and sometimes… toys break. His musk induced trance was shattered and he was overcome by sheer panic.
"If you wanted some of my milk, all you had to do was be patient!" She snarled as she feverishly rubbed her cock; from base to the growing flare of her horse-like truncheon. Turning his head back, he realise what was coming he his way. He had to move, he managed to get his limbs underneath himself. Then he pushed up onto his feet. He could hear her breathing getting harder and faster, her moans getting deeper and longer. Still with his hands on the floor, in a pose similar to a runner at the start of a race, He pushed off hard with his right foot, success. He straightened out as if he was doing the hundred meter sprint. The pain that surged through his back was immense, but he pushed through it. He put all his strength into his next step. He was managing to run! He turned his head back slightly to see she was now up on her knees, her eyes closed as she was aggressively thrusting her hips into her hand; her face scrunched up in unimaginable bliss. Third step, he thought to himself, just one more and then you'll have enough momentum to get away.
SPLAT.
A new sudden pain surged through his back. It felt more precise than being hit by the tree trunk from before. It was like taking a sledge hammer directly to the centre of his spine. He wondered what had happened. The impact had such force it pushed him forward slightly, and as it did, he saw what had hit him. Fat coagulated clumps of off-white jelly flying past him.
He was pushed forward, staggering down onto his knee, killing his momentum. Then another impact slammed into the back of his thigh. He heard the deepest roar of a moan he had ever heard, and her head flung back as if possessed, reeling in the orgasm. Her cum was being shot out in huge thick ropes. Each rope was spaced by about half a second, so the pain had time to travel through his body before the next one hit. Her cum was so thick and had such velocity, it felt like it was a big rubber ball being shot out of a cannon directly at his back; but given how monstrously big her cock was, that wasn't all too surprising.
Then the third hit, followed quickly by the fourth. She didn't seem to be slowing down, all the while bucking her hips into her clasped hands. John's other knee buckled; he tried to catch himself by putting his hands underneath himself, but he quickly realised the floor was covered in slime. With no grip or friction, his hand slid out from under him and he landed face first on the sludge covered floor. 
Fifth, sixth. Each hit hurt like hell, it felt like being hit with a baseball bat. In response his body slowly grew limp and numb. The puddle of cum was growing around him. Its thick viscosity meant it couldn’t flow away from his prone form and just stuck to him. As her orgasm slowly subsided and it no longer shot out with monstrous force, she instead thrust her hips slightly upward so it would squirt into the air and rain down upon him. 
Because it couldn’t flow away, it quickly built up around his face. He started to worry he would drown. But before that could worry him too much, the pain got to him first and after one last panicked shuffle to get out of the puddle, he blacked out. 

Bubbles started to form around his mouth and nose where thick cum was blocking his airways. Kel just knelt there, staring at John’s limp lifeless form; the throws of her intense orgasm still shaking through her body. The bubbles of cum grew larger and larger. Kel quickly realised her new toy might actually drown in her fat load. She gently sat back onto her heels, staring at the bubbling mess. The thoughts running through her mind of her toy choking on her chunky cum. Her cock twitched slightly. She thought to herself “That would be so delectable but I don’t want to break this one too soon. It’s so rare to get an untrained one, let alone so freshly caught.”
She picked John up out of the sludge and pulled him near to her face. She let her long tongue fall out of her mouth; it was as big as his entire torso. She dragged her tongue up from his untouched cock, still rock hard from her musk, all the way up and across his face. She reeled her tongue back into her mouth, swilling it around and savouring the plethora of her own tastes ingrained into the poor boy. With his face clear of obstructions, he could breathe freely even still while unconscious.
“Hmm well, if I’m going to keep him I need to give a new name to my toy. He was very good at kissing my asshole, even without Juxta training him. Hmm it is nice to have someone passionately suckle on your balls after a good backbreaking fuck. Someone who can truly worship my crotch in all its glory. Not those dime a dozen cock cleaners, no; someone who truly reveres it, worships it. Worshiping... Bishop. He’ll be called Bishop from now on.” 
She laid him down onto the oversized kitchen table and walked over to the door. On the wall next to the door was a small box with multiple buttons on it. She pressed one of them and it emitted a small buzz. She then walked back to her kitchen, got herself a cool glass of water and sat down at the table, debating how to play with her toy next.






Within a couple of minutes there was a knock at the door. She stood up and went to open it. Just outside her door were three men; as with John they barely came up to her knee. Two at the front and one behind.  The two at the front wore French maid outfits. One of them carried a mop bucket, and the other was unloading a trolley full of various cleaning equipment off the back of a golf cart sized transporter; used to quickly get around this oversized apartment complex. Attached to the back of the vehicle was a trailer filled with empty containers; they looked like large metal milk churns and each was around 4 feet tall.  
The third man, a golden Labrador nonhuman, was completely naked and had his hands tied behind his back. Kel reached down and picked up the Labrador, let the two others in and then shut the door behind them. Kel then ignored the two others and went straight over to her bedroom. 
She walked straight in, spun around and fell backwards onto her huge, even for her standards, king sized bed. After a good ball draining orgasm, nothing is better than just lying back and letting the residual pleasure take you away to the land of dreams.
Splaying her legs out wide, she grabbed the knot tying the Labradors hands together and with a one clean motion, the knot came untied. She then released her grip on him and placed him down between her muscled thighs. She could hear the other two in the lounge getting to work and cleaning up her massive puddle of clumpy baby juice; scraping it up and dripping it into the large containers, before dragging them back over to their transporter, to be disposed of elsewhere.

They were thankful their talents of cleaning had been discovered; trying to survive in this crazy dick dominated world was scary, especially when farm animals had more rights and protections than you do. You just had to be lucky you were deemed helpful enough not to be immediately disposable. For every male trapped in this living sexual hell, it didn't matter what was happening to others, as long as you managed to survive.
A ‘toy’ that had been fucked unconscious. A puddle of cum so large they could bathe in it. The cleaners saw these sights many times a day, but this flat in particular scared them. A lot of the women in this building had certain… quirks. Kel was unique in that her scent was ridiculously potent. The smell of her cum was already flooding their nostrils and invading their bodies. They were struggling to stop their boners from pushing out from under their short maid skirts. If their patrons saw their uninvited excitement, they normally took that as an excuse to punish them; whatever form that may take. One previous cleaner had even given into his desires and started grabbing handfuls of Kel’s cum and pushing the fat clumps into his mouth. When she saw his insatiable gluttony without her consent, she decided he should drink it straight from the source. Rumour has it that he was found bloated to twice his normal size, with cum leaking out of every available orifice.
They finished scraping up the huge globules of thick jelly like cum and putting it into the metal containers. After the trailer was loaded, the pair went back and mopped the floor. The room no longer smelled like the overpowering aroma of sex, but of a beautiful lavender garden; finally their erections were subsiding. With their job complete, they made their way out of the flat and onto the cart; driving back to their quarters slowly as to not spill their potent load. 
They didn't bother to go and retrieve their third accomplice from the sleeping Kel's room. They knew in her room her scent was embedded into every single fibre and molecule; even if they made it into the room without ejaculating immediately, it wouldn't be long before they couldn't do much apart from collapsing to their knees and stroking their cocks feverishly. The golden Labrador had been selected for dick cleaning duty and that meant two things. One, he was pumped so full of stimulant, he'll not want to stop licking that mountain of cock until his jaw breaks. And two, he had his strong canine nose buried directly in the source of her scent. He'll either, go mad from the combination and do something stupid, or he'll turn up in the cleaning quarters later and require a full day of sleep to recover from the drugs and over exertion.
Dick cleaning duty was assigned randomly; any one of the 50+ cleaning staff that occupied the building could be selected. To stop anybody from resisting selection, they'd be tied up and then pumped full of drugs. The drugs made you salivate endlessly while making the taste of a cock utterly irresistible, to the point you felt like you couldn't live without the taste flooding your mouth.
Some of the flat owners treated the drug crazed men with disdain, grabbing your head and rubbing it against their dick so hard your face hurt. Some loved the relaxing treatment and gently fell asleep while you happily lapped away. others loved it so much, they decided to not only let you clean them, but also for you to be round 2; and depending on the resident you were sent to, and the size of their ‘equipment’, that could be a death sentence.
The cleaning staff were rotated out pretty frequently.


The golden Labrador knelt down, Kel’s huge balls splaying out in-between his knees and her only now softening cock towering over him; it was slowly softening to a more manageable size. He looked up at the looming shadow of her softening cock with hesitation, but the smell of power emanating from her, pushed the drugs to take hold. He buried his nose into her ballsack and started dragging his tongue from the base of her shaft all the way to the tip. After several long licks, he started to plant kisses all the way up the underside of her shaft, until he could suckle on the tip. Her flare now subsiding, he suckled on her urethra to coax out any cum that could still be hiding inside.
Kel had started to drift peacefully to the gentle treatment of this large canine tongue rubbing up the length of her shaft.

What felt like half an hour later, she awoke to the feeling of her cock swaying from side to side, accompanied by a strange tingly sensation. Normally after the drugs started to fade, the tired cleaner would try to get out of the flat as soon as possible; but he must be still here. She blinked her eyes open, the world slowly adjusting into view. She saw her cock was once again rock hard. The little pup must have gotten carried away and rubbed it a tad too rough. She couldn’t see him hidden behind the large circumference of her shaft and buried in her nuts though; but she could see some… toes? She dragged her sleepy gaze upward and saw him clambered over the end of her cock; lying belly down on the meter wide flat tip, as if lying on top of a streetlamp. Her cock wasn’t just shaking side to side, he was thrusting! She bolted upright to see the blonde dog thrusting feverously, as if possessed. Suddenly he slammed his hips home against the tip of her flared cock. His tongue lolled out of the side of his mouth; his face was still coated in a combination of her ball sweat and his saliva. He twitched a couple times, revealing he had just orgasmed.
“What the fuck do you think you are doing?!” she barked at him. Kel grabbed the insubordinate dog and tried to pull him off, but as canines do, his orgasm had caused his knot to swell. As her sleep wore rapidly off, she could feel his pitifully small penis buried inside her urethra, along with the strange sensation of her pee-hole being stretched and flooded with the weak cum of some impudent waste of life. She yanked him a couple more times to no avail. She almost tore his head clean off with the power of her grip. 
His mind came racing back to him; the ejaculation releasing him from the influence of her corrupting scent and the grip of the drugs. “I’m so sorry! I’m so sorry! I never meant to!” he yelped, whining in pain as his neck was stretched to its limits. “I couldn’t control myself! You just smell so good!”
“You have some fucking nerve to come into my house and violate me!” Kel yelled at him. Her anger began to subside as she looked at the begging dog and her thoughts slowly twisted to malice. “If you really wanted to fuck properly, the hole you chose should really put some back into it. Otherwise it’s no fun. You should have woken me up, I’d be happy to return the favour.” An evil grin crept across her face, tempered with the fury of someone daring to defy her.
She stood up off the bed, her huge throbbing horsecock still stood at full mast, dragging the scared canine with it. The feeling of having someone clasping onto the tip for dear life, wasn’t a new feeling for her as she normally liked using her size against her toys; but the impudent feeling swimming around inside her cock was unforgivable. She walked over to her wardrobe and reached into the back. He was whining and whimpering the entire time, begging to be spared and for her to forgive his transgressions; all while scrambling to desperately hold onto the giant rod his annoying canine biology had locked him into.
She pulled out a large metal cylinder with two large handles on one end. It was about seven feet long and about half a size thicker than her cock, with a pink hole in the centre of one end. Craning his neck around, the blonde Labrador quickly worked out what it was; it was the largest onahole he had ever seen.  She raised it up to her mouth and spat into it, providing a subtle bit of lubrication. Looking up from his lower angle at the other end of the metallic cylinder, he could see a small hole, about 4 inches across, most likely to allow easier cleaning of the toy, but it also allowed her spit to come sliding out and land onto his face; further humiliating the fearful canine. 
Kel laid the giant tube down onto her bed; grabbing the handles for support and lining her cock up with the entrance. She started to rub the tip of her cock up against the spit slick hole, but with him in between it just lubricated the furry back of her cock’s unwanted hijacker. “Please, please don’t do this” he begged, realising what was about to befall him. “I’ll do anything to make it right, it was the drugs, they made me mad!” his knot still sealing his cum inside her shaft. The guilt and adrenaline keeping his cock rock hard and locked within this prison of his own making.
“It took balls to do what you did, I’ll admit” she said with a sly smile. “What is your name?”
“Ti..T..Timoth” he was half way through stuttering his name out, when she violently slammed her cock home into the tight fake vagina. 
“I don’t fucking care!” she growled through clenched teeth. He was folded flat around her cock and forced down the tight tunnel. A crunch emitted from the tube as her cock slammed against the far end. He howled out in pain as he felt the brutal impact immediately shatter a rib. After holding him in place for a couple seconds, so he could truly appreciate the godlike pressure crushing him inside this claustrophobic tunnel, She slowly withdrew herself from the onahole; enjoying the way the discrete folds inside wrapped around her shaft. Pulling out, it looked like her passenger was very winded from the crushing force applied to his chest. He took in several panicked and painful breaths of air. “I’m sorry…” Timothy wheezed. “spar...e me...” 
She looked down at him with a surprisingly pleasant smile. “Ok, I think you’ve learnt your lesson”
Relief came washing over him; a broken rib was a fair price for his transgression but at least he’ll survive today. The pain flooding through him finally caused his knot to subside enough to allow his cock to slide out of her urethra.  His watery cum dribbled out onto his fur before he was suddenly hit by the surge of Kel’s trapped precum; the volume was almost tenfold the entirety of his life giving orgasm. There was so much precum alone; it made his pitiful orgasm look like it couldn’t even impregnate a fly. The force and volume was almost enough for him to lose his grip on his masters meat-rod. With Kel’s gargantuan proportions, he was suspended at least 10 feet in the air, a fall from here wouldn’t kill him if he fell right, but it would certainly be bad with his broken rib. “Please... Let me down, master.”
“Sure” she said, slowly bending her knees. “But thinking about it… you are a cock addicted pervert.” 
“That was the drugs I swear!” he begged again, panic rising in his voice.
 “You might do this again, to some innocent old lady” Kel smirked. Old maybe, but innocent... not a chance; no women in this world could be called that anymore. Even the oldest and frailest of little old ladies could fuck a man to death without batting an eye. Kel liked toying with her ‘prey’, and she had only really been lowering her knees to line her cock up with the onahole better.
He turned his head, to see the now slightly gaping entrance to the cylinder hovering behind him. “No… please… PLEASE!” at this point he was full on sobbing, crying for her to have mercy. But mercy was not in her DNA.
Grabbing firmly onto the handles, she thrust forcefully into the tight flesh substitute. A loud crunch came echoing out of the tube followed by a wet gurgle. A small warmth grew across the topside of her cock, flowing down the sides her shaft. Aww the sweet little thing must have upchucked a little bit of blood. Grinding herself as deep as possible, she enjoyed the feeling of her flared tip rubbing against his soft blonde fur.
She readjusted her grip on the handles and started fucking in earnest. Each smack against the back of the tunnel, elicited a scream or a whine; it was music to her sadistic ears. Slowly the warm feeling grew around the head of her cock as the canine was slowly being mulched. The warm caress was building her limits quickly. Soon she howled and threw her head back. John had taken the force of her ejaculation at a distance, Timothy was about to take the full force point blank.
A pink-white stream came shooting out of the small hole in the back of the cylinder. Wet splats resounded throughout her room as her cum smacked against everything with loud dull thuds; leaving a pink streak across her bed and an off-white splat against her wall the other side. To go that far, her cum must have punched clean through whatever was left of his chest, gaining its pinkish hue as it passed through. After several more fat ropes flew across the floor, and covered more of her bed, she ground her wide flared tip as deep inside as possible; letting more white and pink sludge slowly pour from the back of the onahole; like squeezing out the last bits inside a tube of toothpaste. She stayed there for a moment just enjoying the last reaming vestiges of her orgasm as it tingled up her spine.
She withdrew her huge cum and blood covered cock, letting the last bits drip to the floor. With her cock still swinging between her thighs, she walked out of her room and once again over to the front door. This time instead of pressing the buzzer, she pulled a large panel in the wall which opened into a sort of garbage chute. A sign read “toy cleaning”. She dropped the tree trunk of an onahole into the chute and let it fall down the immeasurable number of floors, all the way to the basement; where the cleaning bitches resided. 
She then pressed the cleaning buzzer again and left the door on the latch so they could let themselves in. Time to have a shower she thought to herself. She walked back into her bedroom and into her en-suite.


John was walking through an open grass meadow, with beautiful wildflower blossoms everywhere and border of majestic trees encasing it. Suddenly the sky darkened and thunder cackled. Thump thump thump, his heart beating loudly. Wait no, too loud. He clasped his chest, his heart was racing but this sounded external. Getting closer... right behind him. He started to turn his head but before he could he felt something strike him square on the back of his head; large and powerful. The world turned black as he hit the floor. Fluttering in and out of consciousness, He heard screams. The whole group was being attacked… he wasn't strong enough to protect them. Out of the cacophony of chaos he heard the noises he didn't want to; his wife screaming. His brother trying to usher her away from the mayhem. He tried to raise his arm, but the shadow weighing down his mind was too strong...

John woke up in a cold sweat. With his heart pounding he sat bolt upright on the table he had been placed on. He could hear the shower running in Kel’s en-suite. His spine ached from where the cum had hit him as with such a staggering force. It now crusted across his back making movement stiffer than it needed be.
"Ah, you're awake." came an unfamiliar voice from beside him. He turned his head to see a very smartly dressed Rat like nonhuman, peaking over the table edge; presumably standing on a chair. He had a long nose with white whiskers and a monocle over one eye. He spoke in a very formal manner. "My name is Steward. That's not my actual name of course, but I won't endanger you by letting you say the wrong thing in front of the master." John didn’t know what to say. “Come, let’s get you down from here.” The rat held John's hand and lead him toward one of the large chairs framing the table; then Steward helped John safely descend the large furniture and onto the floor.
Now that they were face to face John could properly analyse his new acquaintance. He was an older looking gentleman, grey hairs poking through his brown fur revealing his wizened age. A tad on the lean side but slightly taller than John. He was wearing the finest servants’ outfit John had ever seen; everything looked like it belonged inside a palace. Everything apart from two bits: underneath his shirt collar he was wearing an actual collar; it was thick black leather and had a metal plate that read Steward on the front. And secondly ... the entire crotch was missing. John's face blushed bright red once he noticed the man's human like cock hanging out.
"I didn't get to choose the outfit mind you" Steward chuckled, trying to ease John's mind. He seemed far too used to having his genitals on show. John quickly remembered he too was naked, and his hands raced to cover his privates.
John saw the spindly rodent eyeing him from head to toe.
"M.m..My name is John" he stammered out.
"Nice to meet you, but I heard her refer to you as Bishop, so that is how I will refer to you from now on." He said very calmly.
"What? My name is John." He exclaimed
"No my boy!" Steward barked. Taking a deep breath he calmed his voice. "You are whatever she says you are. You shall do as you are told or she will scold you; and trust me I do not say that lightly." He turned around and untucked his shirt. His entire back was covered in scars; he had some that looked like burns, some that looked like lash marks from a whip, even a couple freshly healed ones.
"Our master has a propensity for the pain of others, and she does not like being disobeyed. You’d do best to remember that Bishop."
"Anyway, we'll get you tidied up." Steward then showed John through a side door he hadn’t previously noticed. This room didn’t feature the towering ceilings and colossal scale of the rest of the house, instead looking like it was actually built for normal sized people. In the room there were two bunk beds and 4 lockers; each locker contained only a bottle of soap and a towel. 
"No clothes?" John said quizzically. 
"You are very new here aren't you?" Steward said with a slight sigh; part annoyed at having to explain, part shock at how ‘fresh’ John truly was. But most of all, pure pity for John being dragged into this crazy world. 
"We do what we are told, we wear what we are told, and if we are not told to wear anything, we do not wear anything."
"How do we get out of here?" Said John, a slight plea in his voice. "My wife, my brother... I need to help them. I have to hold Faith in my heart, I HAVE to."
Steward replied calmly. "You're not grasping the situation here. I am a slave; I do whatever she asks me to do. I clean, I get her refreshments. But you are a Toy. No rights, no liberties, no freedom, no escape. The world has gone sour, how are you ignorant to all this?" 

John explained how he had a life living in Bastion. Never living in fear of being a mere plaything, having a warm loving family, and more recently having a beautiful wife. They had few resources, but they made do. He hadn't believed the rumours of giant monsters ruling the outside world, after all, they were just rumours; there was no proof. People who left never came back, but he always thought it's because there was a paradise they had escaped too.
"Such a place does exist then..." Steward's voice drifted off, as if dreaming of a better life.
"But we mustn't daydream. If she even thinks we are talking about such things, we'll regret it. But trust me, being in here is better than being tossed around like a plaything between a pack of ferals. There is a shower through that door, get freshened up. She’ll need you again later. And don't worry, you can find there is some semblance of joy to be had in this crazy world."





Just after John got out of the shower, the sound of thunderous footsteps echoed past the door. "Steward, Bishop. Get out here." They walked out of their tiny room and into the main space of the flat. Kel was sat on the sofa, her beautiful red fur still glistening with the residual moisture from the shower. John was surprised, she looked… absolutely stunning. He couldn’t tell what it was, maybe her brilliantly bright red fur, maybe her titanic proportions, but he was totally enthralled by her striking form; the water droplets glistening in the late afternoon sunlight. 
"What are you staring at? Get to work. And Steward, grab me a drink."
"Yes ma’am." Steward replied sharply.
John stepped up to the sofa; his head only just crested the cushions. He had never been very good at climbing so he scrambled up the large couch in a very un-athletic fashion. Once he pulled himself up onto the couch, he knelt next to her thigh; the huge toned muscle tensed as she spread her legs apart, giving him a full view of her soft cock hanging slightly over the edge of the sofa. He sat on his heels, staring, completely entranced by how beautiful she was. He remembered how much her smell had captivated him before, but this time it felt less like he was being overpowered; it almost felt natural to wish to serve her. No smells or pheromones, her freshly showered body smelt like a field of perfect flowers; it was nothing more than her pure beauty pulling him in.
She wondered what was taking him so long; glancing down at him she saw him distantly staring toward her groin. A grin crept across her face as she wrapped her huge furred hand around the back of his head and dragged him over her thigh, slamming him face first into her nutsack. "Lick it bitch, earn your name." she said letting her head rest back onto the ridge of the sofa.
The sudden forceful motion made him freeze momentarily, but he soon relaxed into her nice soft sack and got his tongue to work. She released his head and slid her hand down to his exposed ass; giving the soft tush a good squeeze.
After enjoying his nimble licks for a while, she released his ass and then slid her hand back up his body; up and over his hips, grabbing him around the stomach and lifting him fully into the air. He panicked for a second, being hoisted into the air with his feet dangling beneath him, but he felt secure in her large powerful paws. Still sat down, she then lifted her nuts up with her free hand and slid him underneath herself, feet first. With his lower half snuggled in between her huge squishy asscheeks, his knees reached back and every slight movement tickled against her asshole. She let go of her testicles and the large balls swung down covering his face. Using his one free arm he adjusted them so each nut hung down past his ears, and so her loose sack wasn’t completely suffocating him. Once again smothered within her sack, he felt a warm sense of home and began to let his tongue run wild, rubbing circles and caressing the soft orbs with true passion.
"Ah, that's good. I'm going to enjoy having you around." Kel said, relaxing back into her seat.
The thoughts of John's family were slowly fading from his mind, as if her presence was enough to rewrite his very being. He started to purposefully wiggle his legs, partly for his knees to tickle her asshole and send a tingle shooting right up through her spine; but mostly to scratch his own growing erection, sandwiched between his thighs.

After a while of TV watching and lovely ball worship, the constant teasing of her asshole had caused Kel's cock to become semi erect and throb in time with her heartbeat. She decided that was enough TV for now. She stood up and turned around to look at the nice butt shaped groove imbedded into her sofa, with John firmly planted into the middle. He was panting heavily and his face was completely covered in his own saliva. 
With one hand she deftly spun him around so he was sat upright. Even with his back against the upright cushions of the sofa, John was so comparatively small his feet only just hung over the edge. The sudden motion made his head spin, but he quickly adjusted when he realised the glory of what he was seeing; she had turned herself around and leant forward, granting him the world's best view of a truly grade A ass. She jiggled it side to side with a small shake of the hips and giggled as she saw his tiny dick, relative to hers, throb steadily with arousal. Then bowing her knees slightly, she bent forward and grabbed her asscheeks with her huge hands, spreading them wide. John could see everything: her puffy hole winking at him in excitement. Her large testicles swinging below that; still dripping with his saliva. And her mammoth cock, slowly growing more and more ridged; each throb flooding it with blood, making it firmer and lifting it out of view.
Suddenly his world went black. She let gravity pull her back into the seat, her asshole striking his face with a direct hit. A second later he felt two further impacts slam into his abdomen as her balls sung down underneath her and hit him in the stomach, winding him. The sudden gut punch by her huge testicles combined with the fact his face was now enveloped by her large puffy asshole, made it incredibly hard to breath.
 Kel heard him coughing and spluttering into her rectum, trying his hardest to catch his breath. Wanting to play with her toy and not break him right away, she leant forward just enough to allow air to rush in underneath her, before planting her asshole back onto his face. With fresh air into her toys lungs, she then swung her hips side to side quite dramatically; dragging his head with it. The sharp flicks of her huge booty put an unbearable pressure on his neck; it felt like it could break at any moment. 
“Come on, start licking, I was quite enjoying you before.” She said impatiently. Kel started swinging her hips faster and faster; his neck really feeling the strain of sharply being aggressively yanked side to side. He managed to wriggle his arms up to his face and push her ass cheeks as far apart as possible.  With some newfound leverage he quickly pulled his face back and grabbed the largest mouthful of air possible; before lunging forward and biting down onto her puffy donut. 
The swaying stopped dead. Buried in her ass he couldn’t see her face, so he had no idea whether she had frozen in joy or anger. He decided not to push his luck and quickly began lapping hungrily at the needy hole. It paid off as she started moaning and rocking gently back and forth. He licked every inch he could, around her ass, on her ass. He was a man possessed. He got in there as deeply as he could, relishing the feeling of her puffy orifice stretching around his face and the pressure of the soft sphincter caressing his cheeks.
Apparently she was also enjoying the feeling of him probing into her asshole. She stood up straight, withdrawing him from being buried in her asscheeks, before stepping backwards up onto the sofa; her feet landing on either side of him. With her shadow looming over him he looked straight up, but as he did so she squatted down; hovering her exposed asshole just inches from his face. The smell of her arousal was once again seeping from her body. He breathed deep, wanting to be face first in her crotch forever.
With a sharp drop of the knees he was once again buried in her ass, but with the squat spreading herself wide, combined with the lubrication of his saliva, his head actually slid in.  John was in pure shock, he was inside her asshole. The smell was intoxicating and overpowering.  He sat there frozen, his brain unable to process what he was experiencing. Then his lungs heaved emptily; He was going to pass out if he didn’t get access to fresh air quick, her scent was just too strong. He pushed his hands up onto her soft asscheeks and pushed with all his strength, but she didn’t move an inch.
 She was too heavy, too strong. She threw her head back in bliss with the intrusion. She had always loved enticing supple boys in with her enthralling scent and then relishing in the feeling of panic they showed when they realised just how outclassed they were. Their powerlessness just fuelling her erections as she towers over nearly everyone in this cock crazed world. His panicked attempts to push her off and free himself from her caused a veritable river of precum to come pouring out of her cock. She started bobbing up and down ever so slightly. John thought she might be lifting herself to pull him out but then she always quickly pushed back down; his wider shoulders catching against her puffy asshole and preventing any other shenanigans. 
Every couple of bounces she would slide as low as possible until she felt her ring clenching around his neck. Then she would tense it and relish in the idea of her tight little ring strangling the life out of him.
After a couple minutes of using his head as a small dildo, John had started to go limp. She liked toying with people, breaking them was an added bonus, but to get one so freshly caught was rare; so she lifted up and with a wet pop, his head came free. Lifting her junk out of the way she looked down to see Bishop in a daze. Swaying slightly side to side as the effects of her aroma and the crushing pressure applied to his skull by her asshole wore off. She just couldn’t help it, the look of her victim, hopelessly beneath her, made her want to play with him more. She placed her now slightly looser hole on top of his head. He wearily moved his hands up again to stop her. 
*CRASH* suddenly the door to the flat burst open.
"Mommy I'm home!"
Time seemed to freeze for a couple seconds. Kel wriggled her toes; hard wood floor. She was sat on a soft cushion. As time and her mind caught up with her she felt a strange wiggling. She could feel it pushing at the underside of her testicles. She could even feel it near the base of her spine. Then she began to process what had happened. The sudden shock had caused her to slip, her feet slid off the sofa and she came crashing down upon her toy; his legs must be all that remains outside her, writhing in sheer terror. Her asshole was now stretched wider than it had been in a long time, and the panicked squirming inside her was enough to send her spiralling over the edge. Her entire body tensed, the tip of her horse-like cock flared out and her nuts squeezed as hard as they ever had; sending a huge fat wad of cum spiralling across the room, splatting wetly against the TV screen. Two more wads followed, creating huge clumpy puddles of jelly littering the floor. Her tongue hanging out the side of her face.
