The Punishment Maxwell's conformity within the Sinverse had since well adjusted to the otherwise unfamiliar era of Female Superiority and Propagation throughout from the darkened and frightening T-Day. What began as a livelihood of forthcoming blurred uncertainties behind the veil of a mysterious Tomorrow had since shifted into a Utopia of daily delectation and pretty pleasures at the paw of a single broken red panda who foolishly entrusted his safety with one of his own kin. A friendship between Toys had since flourished into the timeless relationship between sadism and stumbling submission. Most importantly, a stud who once had to hesitantly convince himself to step out his own front door for the simple necessities of life had since cultivated the capacious courage as large as even the biggest of Giantesses. Something about betraying, beating and berating what once used to be his only friend into what now was his personal slave liberated the once acquiescent colt into a bustling bussy-breaking Stallion. A monstrous equine keen on conjuring countless creative methods to further break down what measly defenses his Property pathetically possessed after a life of false freedom from the fate of a faggot body born and built to become the perfect breeding sow, even before the unprecedented transformations of all the Giantesses within Sinverse. Max knew that behind all that whimpering, wincing and whining lied dormant a panty-leaking whore desperate to be made a brain-broken bastard trained and prepared to bare boulder-heavy loads of spunk weighing that scrawny shape down in wait for even heavier loads the next day. And with that knowledge augmented a monster of overbearing sadism not only eager but compelled to constantly dehumanize his pet more and more as days turned to weeks turned to months until all that remained is a robot assembled for the sole purposes of gratification toward any who demand it of Jay. That's right, his name was Jay, wasn't it? These days the redpan had been labeled an overwhelming plethora of differing titles that neither the grinning beast nor his accommodating quivering cunt could remember It's original name any longer. Of course, the redpan is only a third of the way through his assimilation before he's irreparably broken. The Unicorn in charge of him didn't want to rush this thrill, though. Meticulously listing an assortment of punishments, activities and furtive tests to help homogenize the filthy little freak's malleable mentality until It craves Its Master's beatings, Max had every intention to condemn the palm-sized plaything to every possible humiliation before Its comprehension of a healthy lifestyle is shattered beyond recognition. Even now, with the Toy constantly christened under various accommodatingly vitiated labels, Jay could no longer acknowledge being spoken to unless It's being slurred at or besmirched beneath his Daddy.

"Daddy, what an overbearing beast of monstrous proportion..." Jay often thought to himself. A demon who spends the majority of everyday tormenting his pitiful life into one of a never-ending nightmare. It started with just 2 and a half feet. 2 and a half feet of the redpan's height inexorably purloined to better appropriate his newest duties as Daddy's special fucktoy. It then became a weekly tradition for the sadist horse to experiment with sizes of differing proportions. For as long as Max had ownership of his "little" Shrink Ray, he was rapidly growing familiar with all the additional nuances included in the clandestine contraption. Through meticulous research and the occasional adventitious fat-finger, Max grew knowledgeable of several fun features Jay was unfortunate enough to become the guinea pig for. Not only could the gadget shrink and grow Max's pet at will, it was also able to modify the various proportions and limbs through the compression of bone structure and ligaments. A simultaneous (and sometimes excruciating) process that somehow discerned between the different cellular structure and bone marrow of any given area on a subject's body before shriveling it down to an assigned calibrated measurement of mass and density. With this, Max was able to effortlessly shrink Jay's already pathetic dicklet into that of a clit that even the smallest of cages could fit perfectly. Rather than shrink it too dramatically, Max wanted to give Jay the constant reminder of what gender he was born with in comparison to the gender he was treated as on a daily basis. Thus, despite being a shriveled cunt, it was still very discernible to the naked eye, giving Max a rush of masculinity each and every time he saw it. Max was even able to save Default Sizes to his pet, so that no matter how fragile and microscopic he made the poor redpan, he would inevitably grow back to be waist-high with the lustful equine where he belonged. The stud made it a constant effort to emphasize just how much larger he was in comparison to the little fag who needed constant disciplinary measures to remind It of It's place. Whether it was simply walking past the 3-foot redpan as slowly and threateningly as possible as if planning something malicious, or something as violent as a nice brutal beatdown. A nice buck to the teeth, a nice forced palm to the back of his head to suffocate him against massive equine balls, some fists here and there. Whatever the method, Max wouldn't stop hitting the hilariously defenseless bitch until It was squealing for mercy and hysterically apologizing for being so worthless. Every other morning Jay would wake to the loomed shadow of a colossal eyeing him down as a subtle glisten of a soft aurora shined against grinning teeth was one of the only discernible features those tired black-streaked eyes could glimpse upon before finding himself pinned to the ground with the weight of a single hoof against his skull.

This morning would be no different. Hoof to head, pressure applied, sadistic cackles following. However, despite how twistedly predictable the routine slowly grew, nothing could possibly prepare the petite pansy for the lamentable turn of events that would transpire. Unexpected words pierced through the sickening silence, taking Jay completely off guard the habitual procedure. "What are you?" The shadowed creature questioned, his voice virulently soothing. Every passing second that followed without an answer, the impatient stallion applied an additional pound of pressure atop Jay's creaking coronal suture, threatening to crack it if he didn't respond in time. And with a proper response at that. The trembling cunt was hesitant, inclined to rebel in some way yet nothing of notable cleverness popped into his increasingly aching head. He wasn't going to break this easily, yet he wasn't going to make a stupid decision that'll cost him his life either, ultimately deciding to utter the words, "D-daddy's little fuck doll..." with desperation in every word. The pressure stopped, yet no words or reaction were rewarded for at least a good few seconds, as if the beast was waiting for something else. Although tolerable in generality of what he'd been taught over the weeks, the answer given was not nearly sufficient enough in length. The pressure on that tiny furred head spontaneously relieved itself for a brief spell, offering Jay a split second of reprieve. Suddenly, an abrupt and heart-wrenching jab bucked deep into the plaything's lower intestine, leaving him breathless and curling in agony. A warm glob of spit then shot down onto his cheek, mere centimeters away from the corner of his lip before it sloooowly spilled further down the unwashed fur. "WHAT ELSE!?" The previously calm lull of a sadist's mockingly soft tone then erupted into a booming crack sharper than any whip he could use on the tormented prey, both words spraying additional streaks of spit. No doubt whining gently on the piss-stained carpet that Daddy had appointed to be It's bed for the past week, the Toy let out a silent cry as both Its arms hugged tight around the wound. Jay was in far too much pain from just a single kick of frustration to give his outraging Master's question so much as a moment's thought. Foolishly, Jay idled to respond with a pathetically apologetic, "I...I don't know...I'm sorry, Daddy..." His voice trailed off into an adorable little hike of breath, on the verge of tears if none had been shed already. Max stood there, silently contemplating the response his slave dared to even mutter, letting the sudden rage boil inside until the first strike was inevitably made. Rather than take this as a sign of sincere ignorance, the horse was instead questioning the continued obedience of his favorite fuck puppet. Was it back-sassing him? Was it RESISTING!? Jay knew what was coming, ignorantly attempting to drag himself away before any harm could come to him. The chained collar around his throat meanwhile said otherwise, keeping Daddy's naughty little onahole nice and still for what was about to transpire...

A single hand shot down, grabbing hold of the scruff of Jay's neck akin to the collar of a child's shirt. Jay found himself rising 1, 3, nearly 8 feet high into the sky where he proceeded to beg with every ounce of his being at the frustrated stud currently glaring daggers into the redpan's eyes. That infamous grimace of a frustrated Unicorn shifting maniacally into a demonic grin instead, the Master's voice returning in a gravelly singsong tone, "Oh, you most certainly will be sorry, my deplorable little Punching Bag~." Without offering even a second to gauge Max's venomous promise, Jay found his entire face at the vehement end of a literal knuckle-sandwich. What felt like brick flung itself at high speeds directly into the redpan's jawline and mouth, no doubt knocking a good few teeth loose in the process. Max's offhand meanwhile managed to keep the cunt in place long enough to deal a second even more devastating haymaker in which Jay's body simultaneously flung down by the force of it alone into a nearby wall, nearly fracturing both it and the redpan's thoracic in the process. Jay was breathless, simply attempting to make sense of the agony his face and back were now in as he questioned how on earth none of his teeth were lost in the flurry of fists. His sense of smell on the other hand was, or at the very least the majority of it. Seems the second attack managed to connect with Jay's nasal cavity, in turn causing obscene congestion within both nostrils, flooding out and further staining the carpet below. Now focused entirely on the misery spreading across his face, Jay had no ability to dodge the following calamity that ensued as two well-aimed stomps to his femur and ankle left him temporarily incapacitated from the waist down. Jay let out several horrific shrieks of anguish in between stertorous heaving and pained sobbing. As far as barbaric incursions went, a brightside peered over the horizon as the beast seemingly postponed any subsequent external afflictions for the time being as he opted for something a little more...internal~. Max lowered himself just far enough to reposition the squealing pig to extend Its rear out for him, causing the stud to lick his lips with carnal desire. With ease the stallion was able to discard the unwashed ball of dried piss, sweat and cum that was his briefs before using it to gag his fuckpet of all that bothersome screeching so he could focus on what came next. Spontaneous heated mass slapped down between those irresistibly soft red panda cheeks, its raw girth effortlessly separating Jay's prominent backside. Bare and bruised, decorated delightfully as a consummation of daily use and playful abuse. Despite the anguish surfing across the rest of his defeated form, the redpan could still feel the ghost pain across his right ischial tuberosity of an oversized palm cracking relentlessly across its luscious surface. The memory-based pain was quickly replaced by the blanketed warmth and firmness of a needy palm claiming what belonged to it, each digit digging into the fat to further emphasize just how delicious a cunt Max owned. Rather than getting right to the main event, however, the crude horse opted instead to play with his frantic food via slipping the near tree-trunk wide mass protruding from his hardened pelvis. Biting his lower lip so viciously it conjured blood, the beast revelled in the torment his fucktoy was enduring with both pain and discomfort alike washing across that fragile little form It possessed, all the while having Its cunt played with and prodded.

"Such good, tenderized meat. Ripe and ready to be taken. Yet so loose, so very loose..." the monster hissed with displeasure, only then cerebrating the perfect plan to not only earn himself a tighter hole, but open a door to a new world of potential humiliating means to further break his little cunt's mentality. This unforgivable lapse of judgment It was able to muster up - despite all Daddy has done for It - couldn't stand. It needed another lesson screwed into that tiny little brain, and it was going to be painful~. "Up." Max's hands currently groping Jay's ass-fat shifted to form around those tiny hips instead, creating proper leverage to pluck the prick up from the ground and hover his prepared pussy just inches from the hauntingly wide flare that's already caused so much internal damage in the past. Jay's tiny hands came down to try and squirm out of Master's grip, whimpering to the feel of his naturally-lubed honeypot once again threatening to be ripped apart on top of all the external injuries he was currently withstanding. "Good cunt. Now then, down~." Jay could hear his sadist grinning from behind with every word he spoke. His hiked breathing only then finally began to slow and concentrate itself, desperately attempting to nullify the distress that was about to engorge his lower half. Deep, slow, breaths, interrupted on occasion from spikes of pain throbbing around his gut and face still, tears slipping slowly down his cheeks as his legs involuntarily spread apart to give Master's cocktip the space it needed to invade his insides. Max noticed the fresh streaks of mascara he sloppily applied the night before with satisfaction, drawing his face close enough to Jay's that the redpan could feel every heated breath brushing along the crux of his neck. A gentle kiss was applied along his busted cheekbone, further irritating its recent wound yet oddly soothing the redpan. Those plush femboy lips reminded Jay of the sensitive and feminine side of his Master, closing his eyes to envision himself being kissed instead by a pleasant maiden. "Mmmm...such a poor little Toy. In pain, baby? Let Daddy kiss it better~." Max purred just as those puckered lips parted just enough to erect that slobbering serpent that was Master's filthy tongue. It drug pervertedly across the redpan's fur, humiliating moans echoing through Jay's ears as his face was sampled and bathed in sticky saliva. It felt so grotesque, so uncomfortably wrong that he tried to retract away from it only to find his skull being held in place by Daddy's left hand. "You're not escaping this, CUNT! Let me enjoy this..." Max scolded, painfully forcing Jay's face to turn just far enough so that the two's eyes could meet. The Unicorn glared on in arousal and disgust, spitting across his toy's eyes before invading that adorably busted lips full of large tongue. Max thoroughly explored the plaything's maw with eager entrancement, feeling just how loose those teeth grew as well as the softness and coppery flavor of Jay's bloodied buccal mucosa, relishing in the moment whilst the rest of the redpan's body descended down. It was only a matter of time until an overwhelming simmer was now plunging through the toy's rectum and anal canal, split apart effortlessly as it shaped perfectly around the unwashed cock with ease. As if his insides were made of memory foam, each crevice and organ seemed to hug delightfully around Max's dick, forming into a premium fleshlight for the horse to enjoy. Unfortunately, this Unicorn was up for a much tighter hole today...

Jay was forced to continue making out with the demonic equine, sniffling and pouting with each throb of the dick inserted deep inside him, completely oblivious to what Master had planned. Focusing on the smacking of lips, Jay could only hear the slobbery mixture of spit and blood being forced down his throat by the dominant girth of Max's equally cruel pink serpent. Closing his eyes, the redpan figured having his throat swabbed by tongue and his cunt spilled through with cock was at least better than the torture afflicted across his nose and ribcage. He ultimately fell prey to the perversions happening upon his body, inevitably lowering his guard just long enough to feel a familiar heart-plummeting prick puncturing the hide around his waistline. Immediately, Jay's eyes shot open and bulged with trepidation as he could already feel the effects of the needle injected into him shooting through every vein and cell inside him. The gut-wrenching sensation that had long since cemented into the deepest pits of Jay's memory then promptly followed the prick, starting of course with the inner tissue of his rectum. The inauguration of glands and muscle simultaneously shrinking quickly commenced as the redpan could feel a girth that was already overwhelming before mushrooming to an alarming proportion. WIthin seconds, the partial bulge around Jay's midsection was now bloating his very chest to a cartoonishly balloon-like fashion. The shrink-ray's injected brew's side-effects helped mutate a patient's molecular structure to interpolate entropy akin to that of rubber, allowing even the most extreme of expansions without resulting in any calamitous injuries that'll ruin an otherwise perfectly usable plaything. The serum spread to Jay's lower exterior, ignoring the fattened cushions of his gluteus maximus entirely to instead deflate his entire hamstring muscle complex and in turn his gastrocnemius, resulting in micro-sized legs and feet. The redpan's worries only mushroomed from there as his waistline, stomach, chest and head were all then condensed in an accommodatingly microscopic fashion. Jay could feel the meaty tree trunk snake up inside him as a result of his insides shrinking until it was tickling the back of his tonsils. Before long, Max's shortstack of a doll had completely shrunken to the size of an onahole far too inferior to handle the size of his cock save for a little extra fat in the ass to give that extra titillating sensation with each THRUST of his length. Jay meanwhile found his busted lips now forced apart to allow a spongy, leaking tip rocket out from within his throat, now at the mercy of a gargantuan mass that was spearing all the way through his cartoonishly-stretched physique. His entire midsection became encompassed within just a few bony digits belonging to his master, gripping around his overly-stuffed fleshlight form like that of a fleshlight. In and out that insatiable equine mass pumped inside the freshly-shrunk cocktoy. Max lost himself in the overwhelming stimulation of using such a premium toy that reacted with each pump of both his hand and hips. That battering pelvis slammed in tandem with the pistoning motions of the fist clenched painfully tight around Jay as if crushing around some squeaky stress-toy. Except rather than squeak every time Max crushed around the fag's windpipes, the stud earned himself an adorable little squeal for mercy to help add to the stimulation, allowing the beast to near his orgasm within seconds.

"Rrrrgh...fuck yes...~" the creature snarled beneath his breath, eyes only partially peeking through shut lids to glare animalistically at the fuckdoll's crying whimpers. "THIS is your one true purpose. Shrieking, tightening, WRITHING around cock whilst humiliated all the while. Who's a good sobbing fag, huh? Who's my worthless little cocksock!?~" He questioned in an almost deafeningly loud boom as his now oversized hand let the rest of Jay's body free only to shift to that yankable hair of his. With the painfully tight yank of Jay's hair along with Max's hips now being the only thing forcing the redpan's cunt to hike further up the spearing baseball bat with gravity to help skewer him back down, there was nothing left for Jay to think of beyond the torture of having his body used as a true inanimate sex-toy. A sense of sudden assuagement befell upon the mentally and physically exhausted redpan then after. The familiar whinnying roar of Max's climax triumphantly echoed off each of the cum-stained walls that became Jay's prison. An ocean of an unforgiving translucent white flooded Jay's organs until both his freshly-gaped cunt and mouth alike disgorged torrents of the fertile cream. Max was sure to shove his cocksock to angle it down just enough to aim at the doggy-bed below, painting it in a fresh puddle of molten cream, each unforgiving cock throb spilling an additional torrent. Out of instinct, the stallion RIPPED the fleshlight off his meat and atop the murky pond below. Jay found himself plummeting into the nauseating white bath that quickly soaked into both the long-since ruined fabric of his bed and autumn-brown fur now hosting a creamy yellow tint blanketing the redpan's hide. Attempting to peer up at the towering monster in hopes of forgiveness for his earlier transgression, the pitiful cunt was met with an encore of creamy streams to top his beaten body off with. The room was silent save for the burly heaving of a fatigued horse, allowing a good few minutes of reprieve to fill the void. Just as Jay was getting comfortable in his carpet of cum, however, a single final surprise started to shower onto him. Near-scorching streams of acrid yellow shot down in an unending flurry, as if the unsatisfied behemoth whose pent bladder was currently unloading itself was attempting to drown the Toy. Whether these were Max's intentions or not, the chance of unconsciousness was growing more certain by the second as the stream kept strong and healthy, lasting a good couple of minutes thanks to the Unicorn training himself to hold out as long as possible for moments exactly like this. The redpan's entire world grew quickly enveloped within the odious steam emitting from each consecutive drip of pungent piss polluting his airways, unable to swim his way to safety as his clogged lungs were inevitably flooded. The sweet relief of comatose overtook the debilitated micro cunt within seconds, leaving him a lifeless puppet to submerge within the contents of Daddy's various filthy cock fluids... "Sweet dreams, meat. We've lots to experience, you and I...~" Chapter 2: The Shower

Hours, maybe even days passed since that torturous morning. Jay was in and out of consciousness countless times in an attempt to recover his physical and mental scars, incapable of moving a muscle each time his body woke for even just a split second before falling back into that sweet relief of dreamland. Max made sure to keep his Toy fed through this time, using a single digit to shove the tiniest crumbs of leftover meat and protein off his devoured plates, seasoning it with piss each time so even unconscious the runt wouldn't be able to escape being made Master's toilet. But that was the extent of Max's generosity, leaving the rest of his fuckpuppet's recovery entirely to Itself, wondering if the shrink-ray's serum contained any ameliorating properties to speed the process along even a little. The inexorable day of Jay's regained consciousness lingered in the horizon as signaled via the occasional wince of a muscle here, the shift of a ligament there, as well as the increased frequency of his vocal chords giving off the slightest of whimpered moans. Max took advantage of these signs to ensure his Toy would wake to an unforgettable sight. With the help of a reasonably sized and low-density polyethylene bag, a decoratively apple-colored twist tie and lots of careful maneuvering, Max stepped into the shower just in time for his little pet's impending reawakening into a new world of steamy stink. The muffled downpour of a hurricane-like storm poured heavily on all sides of the redpan's drowsy form. The booming rain nearly deafened the tiny creature, almost enough to distract him from the nose-hair scorching STINK that was actively and viciously suffocating Jay. Grabbing his throat and nose instinctively to try and close off the awful stench, Jay frantically shook his head left to right in an attempt to gain his bearings around the hammock-like bed he found himself rocking in, unable to see anything through all the blinding steam. Blistering heat meanwhile cooked the cunt alive, only just barely bearable enough to keep his fur from sundering and shedding. Despite being shielded from the "rain" outside, Jay was no less soaked head to toe in his own sweat, so much so it blinded his eyes enough to keep the whereabouts of his predicament a complete mystery for a good few seconds. A vicious, stomach-turning twirl sent the Toy tumbling violently within his containment, flying up toward the ceiling of his steamy cage. Upon falling, rather than plummeting directly back down onto the trampoline-like floor he woke on, Jay instead crashed down atop burning leather hot enough to cause his entire body to arch. The redpan quickly raised his arm to wipe away the sweat blinding his eyes in hopes of catching a glimpse at whatever this massive pipe-like structure he was involuntarily stradling was. His pounding heart was cut off for a second or two once his vision cleared up to find a veiny bubble-gum pink staring back at him, his entire face meanwhile paling in horror as the pieces all started coming together. The shifting and twirling continued then after, leaving Jay to be thrashed about within what he could only assume to be a plastic bag tied firm around the base of the very bludgeon that had put him in a brief coma. Given the steam hazing up and blinding him from the outside world, even a cumbrained specimen like Jay could assume the "rain" outside was in fact a very hot shower Daddy was taking, meanwhile leaving both him and the dick he's been having nightmares of trapped together.

It didn't take long for the redpan's nostrils to grow accustomed to Daddy's raw stink, yet still its potent cloud of musk continued to suffocate his lungs. With what little oxygen remained in the plastic bag, Jay had little options to earn the slightest hint of breathable air. He stared at the vulgar appearance of Daddy's unwashed mass, his tiny form allowing him an up-close look at every minute hint of filth and grime that accumulated during his sleep. Dried cum, piss, and sweat were the main factors, as well as a few splotches of black and dirt-colored slime Jay couldn't even begin to assume the origins of. He hacked and hurled in his mouth, yet the light-headedness of not being able to breathe was quickly growing severe, leaving him with the options of either irrevocably stifling to death or help clean Daddy off so the stench and musk could lighten at least partially. The Toy got to work, tears streaming down his burning cheeks as his miniscule tongue poured past his recovered lips to take the first lap. Goddess Sin, it was indescribably appalling! If the redpan's tastebuds weren't already marred from his abnormal diet of spunk and urine, the unsavory astringency of Daddy's dick sure as hell singed what remnants of a "normal" sense of flavor his now numbed tongue had left. Slowly, hesitantly, and near unwillingly that broken tongue trailed across the first few inches leading to Max's sheathe he could reach. He used his arms and legs to hug around Daddy's meat, hoping to stick himself to the sweltering sweat pouring off it and prevent any additional jostling while he was hard at work cleaning the oversized fuckstick off. That suffering tongue lapped relentlessly at the splotched smut decorating Daddy's dick, each gulp threatening to empty the contents of Jay's stomach as it grew increasingly repulsive. Through all the suffering and horror, however, a small part of the freaky fag found the act to be obscenely amorous. It was as if despite the torture he experienced since Max found that confounded contraption, the scarring in his twisted brain had implanted a deep-rooted fondness for being forced into demeaning situations. Before he knew it, despite gagging and sniffling with shame to having to lap at the cock he'd grown a phobia for over the months, the little cunt was leaking profuse amounts of pre down along the rest of Max's cock, forming a puddle around its medial ring. Seems it was consistent enough to grab the stud's attention, too, considering quickly after Jay found himself being crushed against the leathery surface he'd been tending to for the past few minutes by a firm palm. The "cage" was already claustrophobic enough as is, yet Max's gripping hand only served to further close the surrounding area more so Jay could get well acquainted with the beast his tiny tongue will be tending to for the next few days. Before long, Max finished up with his invigorating shower, stepping out with the most relieving stretch while drying himself off. Sitting down atop the nearby toilet, Max kept himself imprisoned within the bathroom for as long as it took for his body to naturally dry off the rest of the way, refusing to remove his dick-covering baggy chaste until he was certain not a drop of clean water would trickle down atop it. Before long, the water dissipated and the steam cleared out, leaving Max with an incredibly alluring show of his micro-slut getting off to the act of orally cleaning his rancid girth. Seems training was coming along nicely, the Toy was finally beginning to enjoy Itself~.

Chapter 3: The Chase A short while after Jay's uncontrollable hair-trigger of an orgasm, the poor redpan once again passed out as a result of the overwhelming musky stench and simmering humidity surrounding his body, leaving him in a constant state of euphoric lightheadedness whilst his body lay limp across Max's girth. A devious ploy popped into the pony's head leaving the bathroom before removing both the baggie and the accommodating pet passed out inside. He set the two aside to better search his drawers for some fresh clothes, grinning at the pile of unwashed filth accumulating in the corner of his room. Running water was a delicacy in The Wilds, afterall, being able to simply toss your laundry into a machine to clean them wasn't viable for Toys. This would help with what Max hoped to achieve~. Hours passed before the redpan found himself waking from one Nightmare and directly into another. Rather than steaming humidity surrounding him, Jay found his miniscule form being assaulted from all sides with an unbearable odor and weight pressing down atop him. He was trapped, defenseless to escape whatever prison he found himself in. His limbs were at the very least mobile, making it possible for the pitiful creature to slink and maneuver his body just enough to reposition himself to better navigate the dark, dank and clothy cave he woke inside. Feeling himself on the verge of suffocation, adrenaline kicked in, and before long Jay was swimming through the enigmatic pile until a glimpse of light - hope - peered through what appeared to be some yellow-stained piece of white cloth. Jay triumphantly shot out from the deathtrap with a deep breath, sweat drizzling from every inch of his exerted physique. The deep breath of relief was short lived, however. The second that foul odor reached his nostrils and invaded his lungs, Jay promptly began to hack up violently, having to keep himself from hurling with how foul his surroundings seemed. The spontaneous arching of his back and gagging motions sent the redpan tumbling down the mountain he escaped from, each roll revealing yet another soft landing until he was safely on the ground. Looking back, it became immediately apparent just what the hell the "cave" he'd been hibernating in was: A giant and repellant pyramid of Master's month-old amalgamation of unwashed clothes that was visibly reeking in waves of green stood tall and proud in its repugnant glory. Jay's eyes immediately watered to the horrific sight, quickly plugging both his nostrils and mouth before falling to hands and knees. Looking down at the ground, all he could see now were the glimpses of stained cum, the colors of acrid yellow, the scent of unwashed body, hell he swore he could see mushrooms sprouting from those briefs! It was all too much, all resulting in the redpan uncontrollably spewing a tiny puddle onto the ground. Fortunately, there wasn't much for Jay to even puke up, in turn emphasizing just how STARVED he was.

A ravenous, aching rumbling at the deepest pits of the redpan's stomach started to echo between his tiny ears. His puking only emptied what little consumption had been reserved inside him, leading to an unbearable internal discomfort that required immediate rectification. A quick scan of the surrounding area revealed to Jay he was located in the far left corner of the kitchen where a gigantic counter stood too tall for the redpan to get his bearings on the rest of the house. Behind him and beside the mountain of filth and musk-ridden cloth lie the washing machine and dryer, nestled into the corner. Seems today was laundry day, how lucky for Jay. As the grumbling grew both increasingly frequent and violent, Jay hurried along with his search for anything to calm his aching pains. Turning the corner of the looming kitchen counter, Jay found himself hiking an entirely new world to the one he was accustomed to. The drawers he was - even on his shorter days - able to easily reach and open up were now far too high above ground for him to even jump to. Even the floor-drawers easily accessible even to a rat like Jay were far too heavy for his minute muscles to manage even a budge. Although it took a while for the frightened and starving micro to reorientate himself in this unfamiliar environment, Jay was just too hungry to bother with the complications of maneuverability, working entirely on instinct. It seemed benevolence finally beamed down upon the suffering redpan once his eyes came upon a conveniently laid-out plate of what appeared to be recently-fried hash browns, located high up across the kitchen atop the oven. Despite being the height of only a couple generous inches, Jay was able to spot an unorthodox set of "stairs" consisting entirely of foot stools, high-chair leg-rests, a tv dinner-tray and a metallic fork he was able to prop up beside the counter and climb like some makeshift ladder before reaching the plate. The food's spiced fragrance was the first to catch Jay's attention, smelling of absolute heaven despite discerning hints of something...less than appetizing along with the spice. In the end, Jay simply assumed his sense of smell was simply screwed from all the musk and body odor he's suffered through in the past and dug into the food without a second thought. With no means of silverware or napkins in sight that a tiny pet like Jay could use, the redpan scarfed the hashbrowns down without a second thought with just his two bare hands. Piece by crispy piece, Jay forced every potato patty down his throat with relief and gratitude to whatever nameless God was watching over him to provide such a delicious meal. There were odd flavors here and there, yet Jay was far too famished to even notice. It took a few minutes, yet Jay managed to completely clean his plate with an exasperated sigh, resting atop the crumb-decorated platter with a stuffed belly and the first smile on his face he made in weeks. There he rested to properly enjoy his brief respite up until he could hear the faint stomping of hoof on hardwood, sending his heart plunging back down into his own stuffed gullet as overwhelming fear took hold of his body.

Wasting no time cleaning up after himself, Jay flung himself back down onto the table closer to the ground. Horrifically, the redpan noticed the footstool staircase he put together to reach as high as he did was ruined from his first venture, sending them too far away for him to reasonably climb down. A drop from this height would be painful if not fatal, yet the distant stomping was drawing dangerously close with every second. Jay was panicking, hyperventilating in search of a means to hide himself before Master found him, his eyes eventually falling upon the mountain of putrid Giant clothing. It was his only option... Plugging his nose up with one hand, Jay hurled himself off the high-table as if jumping from an obscenely high dive-board directly into a pool of filth and torture. With dead-on aim, Jay fell back into the revolting hole he'd only moments ago escaped just in time for one very large and very angry stallion to enter the kitchen. Managing to peek through a crusty sock in curiosity of what Master was up to, Jay watched as Max glared at the empty plate for a long time. Those aggravated eyes of his growing more vicious by the second as the beast grabbed hold of the plate only to SMASH! it via chucking it across the room. The sound made Jay jump, quickly hiding as to not reveal his hiding place. "Where the HELL, is my FUCKING FOOD!?" The demonic equine roared, nearly cracking the ground beneath him with how loud his hooves drilled into it with each step, searching for the perpetrator that stole from him. Jay was now hopelessly trembling from head to toe as the need to sob from petrification dwelled within him, praying he wouldn't be found as it would most assuredly mean immediate death. "Don't scream, don't scream, don't scream..." The tiny redpan muttered almost silently to himself, allowing his survival instincts to kick in as he once again peered through the clothing to get some recon on Master's current whereabouts. Noticing the stud currently searching every nook and cranny for what Jay could only assume was his position, the redpan knew he had to act immediately. With fear alone fueling Jay's adrenaline, he was able to rush through the clothes far easier than the first time, slinking out the rear with great effort before scattering himself behind a nearby couch. His intuition proved fruitful, as Max inevitably came across the almost invisibly microscopic puddle of puke Jay had left behind. "You ruined...my FUCKING FLOOR!!!" Max once again boomed, enough to make Jay's very skeleton shiver. Jay had an excellent recollection of the beating he'd received for something as small as not being able to degrade himself for his Master, only able to wonder what horrors awaited him if Max were to find him now. No, he couldn't, Jay refused to let himself be caught again. Jay waited to hear another smash of some broken piece of silverware or furniture before making another run for it, crawling beneath the dust and grime-ridden underside of the couch before hiding behind a nearby cabinet. Only in the heat of the chase did Jay truly notice his surroundings.

Max had never shrunk Jay to such an insignificantly tiny size before, making the whole house he spent the past months being tortured in seeming so abnormal. Max was fucking HUGE, stomping around like some enraged beast tearing up various furniture in hopes of finding the little shit that dared to steal from him and then throw it back up. Max grew uncomfortably close to the cabinet Jay was hiding behind, searching behind each door and drawer belonging to it. Jay was at Max's damn shin, only barely able to reach his knee. Jay could fucking smell the stench off whatever shit Max had been treading through to cause his hoof to be as filthy as it was now, further dirtying up the hardwood. Jay could feel his heart up to his throat, desperately wanting to swallow it back down yet too afraid it might cause too loud a noise for the Giant to hear. Jay could feel himself manually taking soft, silent breaths, able to feel every vein in every digit of his hands, his very toes. He was itching, he was sweating, he needed to move, he needed to scream. Just when Jay thought he couldn't handle it anymore, Max stormed off back into the kitchen as if wanting to ensure he hadn't forgotten someplace to look, leaving Jay the perfect opening to rush toward the backend of the house. The scamp scuttled across the ground as quick as his worthlessly tiny legs could take him, even managing to trip a couple times simply trying to turn the damn corner. Jay managed to reach the hallway adjacent to the living room that hosted 3 doors: The one on the left was the bathroom, the one directly in front led to the single bedroom, and the one on the right led to the garage where Jay could only pray would be some way to finally escape his captivity and move on with his broken life. Just as he made his way to the door, however, Jay was able to hear Max now sprinting in his direction. A horror indescribable to any other that led the redpan to hurl himself as quickly as possible behind a nearby vacuum. Providing the perfect amount of cover, Jay was able to peer around the floor brush to see what the hell had Max dashing through the house like some crazed madman. Then he saw it, the sharpened metal glistening in the hallway light being gripped firm within Max's dominant palm. A massive kitchen knife used for butchering large chunks of meat, yet Master was holding it as if ready to slaughter an intruder, especially with those crazed eyes of his. Max's head spun left to right, searching erratically for any sign of his special little fuckpet with grit teeth. "Come out, come out wherever you are, MEAT! Daddy isn't going to hurt you, don't worry...he's just going to split your fucking SKULL OPEN!~" He threatened, sending Jay into a flurry of panic as he fell back onto his butt, managing to slip inside the back of the vacuum's dust bag before Max could check behind it. Despite now being completely blanketed in dust, filth and grime from the countless times Max used the vacuum despite their lack of a new bag, Jay was all the same relieved he was able to dodge yet another bullet. He could however feel lint and smut tickling against his hide, making for an incredibly uncomfortable hiding place for Jay as he waited for Master to move on.

Lo and behold, Max would inevitably count his losses and kick open the bathroom door, wondering if the fag was for some reason attempting to use the toilet to escape. This allowed Jay to spill back out from within the vacuum's internals, coughing from the amount of grime that had spilled into his lips. Wiping himself of all the dust, Jay rushed for the garage door, diving beneath it and scraping both the redpan's stomach and back in the process. Able to just barely squeeze himself beneath the door frame, Jay was able to slip past seemingly unnoticed. However, in the peak of his fear upon trying to slink in through, Jay managed to hit the wood of the door with his skull fairly loudly, in turn hearing Max shout with exhilaration, "Oh THERE you are!~" Jay was now screaming, spilling beneath the door in a hurry before rushing to his right where all the various workshop tools were found, knowing there'd be countless hiding spots for him. Max stumbled to find his key for the garage door, opting to simply BUCK it down as if it were made of cardboard. Down the door came off its hinges as Max stood ominously in its frame, frighteningly silent with the creepiest of grins. It was downright evil, drool pouring from the teeth as those predatory eyes took a quick scan of the room. Max licked his lips, his cock throbbing to life as Jay was able to see thanks to the stud wearing absolutely no pants. Equine girth spilled past the brief's waistband, nearly ripping the cloth in its need to escape and penetrate in something tighter. Max was enjoying himself immensely, finding inexplicable thrill in chasing down a pesky rat across his own house, knowing just how petrified it is of his very presence. Stomp, stomp, stomp...the stallion took slow, pounding steps across the concrete floor, taking a look to his left, then to his right, wondering where the most likely place for Jay to hide would be. Jay meanwhile managed to slip behind a red toolbox found near the ground, leaving only a centimeter of room left between him and its metal, making for an uncomfortable yet more than possible squeeze for him if he just sucked up his tiny gullet. Max stood at the workshop, tearing apart drawers and cups holding various instruments of both business and pleasure, falling short with each failed attempt at sniffing the redpan out. Just when Max turned to give up and search the other side of the room, however, Jay was unable to hold his breath any longer. Letting out the deepest and most regrettable exhale of his entire life, Jay managed to shove the toolbox hiding him away by a mere inch, causing a wrench resting atop it to CRASH into the concrete with a loudly echoing clang. Max stopped in his tracks, slowly turning with the most elated eyes imaginable upon seeing a stray wrench cruelly point out Jay's exact hiding spot. The stomping grew closer, and louder, and slower. Before long Jay was able to feel the sting of Master's glare shooting down onto the toolbox hiding him away, most assuredly revealing his hiding place.

With little other choice of what he could possibly do to keep himself safe, Jay hail mary'd a final half baked attempt at escape via kicking the toolbox even further ahead to give him enough room to scurry deeper behind the workshop. He stumbled, tripped, and fell over countless boxes and crates of bits, bobs and metallic scraps in a delusional need to reach the garage back door. Max watched on in amusement to his little pet's foolish determination, deciding to play just a little long with his food via falling onto hands and knees as if becoming a feral wolf scampering after its prey rabbit. Off the now quadruped stallion charged at Jay, finding it immensely difficult to find his footing in this position - especially with a knife in one of his hands - yet figured it the perfect crutch the redpan needed to have even the smallest chance of outrunning his Master. Max ran into a few discarded items he had scavenged from the dumpster over the years, some creating various scrapes and cuts that dribbled blood across the floor, further emphasizing the idea of just how feral he'd grown in the face of such a helpless little faggot of a creature. He whinnied and roared behind Jay, creating unimaginable panic within the running Doll as It was only just a few feet away from the door. Jay could feel his own sweat drenching his eyes, his lack of breath stinging his long-since ruined lungs as escape was only inches away. He could see the sunshine peering through the door's window, welcoming Jay into a new life of freedom and liberation. Just a few more feet...he can do this... "WHERE YA GOING, YA LIL' CUNT!? YOU CAN'T ESCAPE ME! YOU ARE BRANDED TO MY BALLS! MY PROPERTY! YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF FUCKMEAT!" Max practically shrieked from behind in between fits of maniacal laughter, finding such adrenaline-fueled thrill from acting the part of a true, natural-born Giant! This was what was missing, the hunt! Max needed to feel what it was like for Giantesses to HUNT their prey! It wasn't fun to just have an easy-to-fuck piece of meat, he needed to feel the excitement of capturing them before subjugating them to horrors unimaginable in order to empty his balls. Jay was desperate, determined, yet could feel his legs giving out very rapidly. Hearing the Master's voice boom from behind sent overwhelming fear inside him, further inhibiting his ability to run as fast as he needed to reach the door. Hope was just a few steps away, yet Jay couldn't help but feel it was entire miles away. Unfortunately, due to an amalgamation of fear, hopelessness and exhaustion, Jay's poor little legs and lungs alike gave out then and there, tripping over a crack in the concrete that sent him flying into a nearby metallic rack head-first, causing his entire world to daze. The vicious slam was enough to shake off some of the items atop it, many of which were large enough to crush Jay to death... CRASH! Jay shut his eyes in wait for his impending doom only to hear as various metal slammed into something and fell upon the ground surrounding him. Opening up his eyes, Jay gasped his heart into his very stomach to find a drooling feral animal looming over him on all-fours, having apparently shielded him from the onslaught of metal that poured from the shelves above. Panting, whimpering, damn near silently sobbing Jay laid defenseless on his back staring eye-to-eye with a crazed Giant that wanted nothing more than to tear him apart limb-by-limb.

Those tiny legs began to kick at the concrete below, trying to further the distance between him and Master as his final stand. Now we couldn't have that, could we? Max grabbed a nearby toolbox emptied of its contents, gently placing it down atop Jay's legs in order to trap him in place. Painless, yet still firmly in place. "There we are. Can't have you scurrying away a second time, sweet thing. Don't worry, this will only take a second...~" He whispered, bringing his knife closer and closer to Jay's eye-bulged face. The cold, unforgiving steel drew inches away from the redpan's skull, scraping across his furry cheek, sending Jay into a frenzy of fear. He let himself go, pissing all over himself from beneath the toolbox, creating a soft puddle beneath him for Max to notice with a grin. Max made a gentle cut across Jay's cheek, enough to create a gentle pour of blood before RAISING the butcher knife up high, aiming the tip at the redpan's left eye. "DON'T FLINCH NOW!!~" Max warned with spine-shivering sadism before bringing the knife down in the blink of an eye. THUNK! Steel met concrete. Jay peeked his eyes open to find Max's knife dug into the ground to his right, blubbering like a beaten bab as he looked into Master's twisted eyes. Confusion filled the redpan as Max was sent into yet another laughing fit, lasting a good minute before the stallion was able to calm himself down. Jay watched as the stud ripped away his briefs to reveal that infamous raging hard-on, absolutely drenched in sweat from the chase the two had just experienced. "Come now, pet. You didn't think Daddy would actually break his favorite toy? Then who would take responsibility for this mighty boner you caused with your pathetic attempt at escaping?~ Open wide...~" Max ordered, bringing the bludgeon to hover over Jay's speechless face. Sweat and pre dribbled down from the medial-ring's underside, spilling over the same eye Max was only seconds away from blinding with that cursedly sharp knife. Despite the slab of meat looking as intimidating as ever given just how much larger it was to Jay's smaller body, the redpan had never before wanted to feast on Daddy's Meat so desperately in his entire life. Cock beat Knife anyday. "Th-thank you, D-Daddy..." The pitiful cock-slave sniveled and mewled. His words were honest, finding an odd sense of genuine appreciation toward Master not ending his life prematurely. And to further fortify this gratitude, Jay's lips parted nice and wide, his tongue spilling free in wait for the most delicious sampling of Giant cock he'd tasted since the two's relationship was established. The mass - aided by Max's gentle grip - lowered down just far enough for Jay's parted lips to welcome the ribbed tip with moist warmth. His spongy tongue was the first thing Max felt, causing him to shudder out of sheer ecstasy. The sight of Master's knelt body cornering the defenseless redpan sent Jay into a frenzy of arousal now that those bloodlust eyes Max had adopted had shifted into one of lust alone. His erect dicklet leaking relentlessly was enough proof of that, bringing the widest grin across the mighty Unicorn that Jay's seen.

"Wait." The firm boom above halted Jay's actions, the weary redpan looking up in confusion to what Master could possibly have reason for stopping him in worshiping cock willingly for the first time. With eyes focusing intensely on Max's to spot for anything that might hint displeasure or frustration, Jay didn't even notice the hand swinging down to pluck the Toy up, slowly bringing It closer to the beast's chest. "My body needs your attention, rag. You've gotten me rather drenched with all that running around. I think hygiene should come before pleasure, don't you?~" He questioned, using his opposite hand to rip away any pesky clothing obstructing his Toy from being given access to the stud's musky pockets requiring an attentive cleaning. Jay's entire field of vision was completely immersed in sweat-glistening red. The stench wasn't quite as repulsive as some of the other aromas he'd endured today, yet it all the same caused that little panda snout to scrunch in disgust. Didn't stop his face from being brought closer and closer to the stud's left swampy pit, drowning Jay's lungs in a sea of sweat and an onslaught of body odor. "CLEAN." The muffled order above shook Jay's very core, causing his tongue to shoot out almost immediately, dragging up across Max's sweat-ridden trench. It was at the very least trimmed save for the natural length of the Unicorn's bodily coat, making it easier for Jay's tongue to cover a wider area without having to stop to clean out his teeth. The act was still unsavory, yet Jay couldn't help but feel an odd sense of desire and purpose behind his tongue's lashing motions, washing off every musky inch that nearly clogged his nostrils with how potent the source smelled. Max meanwhile made sure to run his arm up and down, rotating it to and fro to get his Toy's entire face in on the action. Tongue, fur and everything wiping up all that accumulated salty moisture, frizzing it all up on the spot and making it hard for Jay to see much. A couple minutes passed before Jay found himself being dragged down across the femboy's waistline, just above the crotch. This area was a lot more freeing, a combination of fresh air and odor to make for a uniquely refreshing experience. The task was the same, though, as Jay's face was used to mop up any filth running around his belly and just along the sheathe's pocket. It seemed Jay's tongue wasn't being used very often this time around, Max relying entirely on the Toy's ears and temple to run across his coat like a bar of soap, leaning up against the nearby wall while doing so. It took so much out of Max to not just pry those pretty puckered lips apart to stuff it full of leathery horse penis seeing how close Jay's head was to his erection. No, he'd be patient, because the next area Jay was responsible for would feel all the better for Max~. With the belly sparkling clean, Max's teeth shined a sharp-fanged grin down at his Toy just long enough for Jay to notice before lowering It down to those hefty nuts, two mighty intimidating orbs of musky goodness for the redpan to lap. Max's opposite hand made an effort to lift up his testes, tossing the Toy underneath them right across the stud's taint. There Jay clung for dear life upon seeing how great the fall was between Max's taint and Garage's cold concrete ground, not wanting to experiment if it was survivable or not. Above him were Max's hovering nuts, looking especially heavy as it blocked out the sun's natural lighting from Jay's perspective.

Max opted to play with his Toy for a few seconds, occasionally dropping his balls before catching them inches away from hitting Jay, enjoying the sight of the fag flinching each and every time. He swung the sweaty pendulums side to side, teasing Jay for the imminent fate that awaited him, allowing beads of sweat to rain down atop his face, blurring his vision. Just when Jay least expected it, however, down came the weighted nuts SMASHING down atop him. Although no injuries were brought upon the defenseless rag, the discomfort and abruptness of the pent orbs were enough to kick the wind out of Jay's chest, leaving him a heaving mess as sweaty leather filled his maw. A literal mouthful of nut sack now filled each of the redpan's cheeks, Max putting in the extra effort to try and stuff an entire testicle into his Toy's maw, stretching it to its absolute limit. Before he knew it, Jay was packing an entire equine ball between his cheeks like a squirrel packing for winter. His jaw grew unhinged and threatened to snap, creating tears in those reddened eyes that trickled down each bulging cheek as his maw struggled to keep the orb in. His tongue nonetheless got to work if he wanted to breathe, revolving around the leather like a washing machine. Although it took some difficulty, Jay was just barely able to reach every inch of his Master's nut with his tongue in order to guzzle down its sweat and filth alike, gagging from the intense flavor whilst the stud above cackled. "Sorry about that, Cunt. Shower's a tad 'broken' at the moment, so I haven't been properly washing myself as one should. You know how it is right? Can't get proper water out here in the Wilds. Don't worry, though. The more you do your job, the less horrific my body will taste during my next bathing. Good deal, right? I think so~." He hissed, biting his lip whilst playing with his balls, ensuring his nutsucker isn't gonna pass out before his duties are dealt with first. If Max saw any sign of Jay's "enthusiasm" dulling, a swift flick to the face that felt akin to an entire fist slamming the redpan in the skull would help perk him up. Once Max felt his testy was painted in enough of his slave's spittle, he'd rip it free from Jay's maw, nearly tearing his teeth out with it. "Gooood rag. You're performing your duties so well. Now then, how's about you spend the rest of the afternoon somewhere nice and warm to rest, hm?" He offered with a gentle grin, leaving no hint of ill intent, yet still Jay couldn't help but remain hesitant of getting his hopes up. Smart~. Once again plucking the miniature fuckpuppet up - this time by his left foot alone to keep him dangling upside down - Max began his journey out of the garage. With only his index finger and thumb keeping Jay from plummeting to his death, Max reached the Master bedroom. Inches from the bed, the stud flung Jay into the comfy mattress, causing the redpan to squeal out of sheer fright before thumping atop the warm blanket. This was the first time he'd felt how comfy a mattress was since becoming Max's plaything. Its comfort was damn near intoxicating, lulling the redpan into a deep sleep he's not experienced in ages. Maybe Max was being honest when he mentioned resting somewhere nice and warm...? Wrong~.

Jay let his guard down. The coziness of the bedding and blanket was enough for every exhausted, aching muscle to simultaneously shut down almost immediately. His eyes shut, his form went limp, and his mind shut down. Mere seconds away from passing out in the most heavenly way imaginable after suffering relentless trife, the gentle natural lighting from the window behind him suddenly darkened considerably. The redpan's eyes shot open to the view of a full-moon in broad daylight as an entire crimson bakery came crashing down at a tediously slow pace. Slow enough for Jay to realize his fate and dread the inevitable, yet just quick enough to prohibit him from escaping. Soon the blistering heat of a leathery donut engulfed the Toy's entire body, sucking him in through the stud's ponut. Each of the stud's thick cheeks ran side to side, further suffocating Jay enough to break all that fight in him. The weighted fat shoved the little shit erratically whilst the ponut worked to suck him deep inside, occasionally lifting up to allow Max's hand to support in Jay's descent into that sweaty equestrian ass. Swampy as it was from the outside heat, Jay found it almost impossible to breathe properly, actively heaving and gasping only to guzzle mouthfuls of sweaty ass-slime. His nostrils had long since burnt far too numb to detect proper scent, yet still Jay was able to somehow taste the horrid yet familiar stench of his Master's internals. Those relentless anal walls ruthlessly sandwiched the poor wriggling buttplug to an excessive degree, nearly crushing each and every one of his bones with each clench of the stud's posterior. Even the slightest of flexing caused Jay to holler out in anguish as the terribly taut walls embracing him only seemed to grow more rigid by the second, crushing the very life out of the redpan. Fortunately, the torture didn't seem to last unbearably long once Max managed to relax himself just enough to pass out on the spot. The comfort and warmth Jay was just seconds away from experiencing before being cruelly snatched from the Toy, left to bathe in the simmering dampness of his Master's ass like the proper rag he was. Alas, the sweat he was supposed to be drying up and cleaning was unfortunately going to produce endlessly through Jay's little stay, as the redpan quickly came to realize as the excruciating hours passed one after the next... Seems things were only going to get worse before they got better, but it seemed Jay was getting more accustomed to his Master's sporadic mood swings and fetish-fueled mindset. His duties and sizes were going to fluctuate with each passing week. Whether an insignificant Micro who's jobs vary from rag duty to buttplug or an irresistibly alluring short-stack manhandled into several different humiliating erotic positions for Max's amusement. No matter the task nor size, there was always one constant behind Jay's new life: Master's endless libido will be sated. One way or another.
