Jackson felt like he was dying again. The pleasant dream he was in faded as he found himself just barely-conscious in the real world. A blur of shapes and objects moved in his vision, too fast and slow at the same time for him to process. Someone shined a light in his eye, blinding him and sending a spike of pain into his brain as he futilely tried to turn away from it. He felt scared as more things continued to move in his vision and he let out a soft, barely audible whine. This only caused things to move even faster as blurry shapes darted this way and that. Tuning his hearing, he listened in for something, anything that he could understand... However, he couldn't even tell who was speaking. Everything was just a jumble of distant echoes and vague noises. What... Universal... Need more... Hurry... Tubes... Jackson wanted to move. He hated this feeling of being trapped in his own body. Unable to move or talk, he could only watch and listen as the world continued to move around him. Suddenly, something pricked his arm, forcing a weak yelp from him. His heart beat as fast as it could, threatening to give out as he struggled to fill his lungs with oxygen. He wanted out. He needed out! Fear filled his body as something touched him. He tried to turn away from it but his body refused to move. Something was touching him! Who was it?! He didn't know what was going on, and that made him afraid.... That was until a peppery smell filled his nose. Jackson immediately recognized who it was. Trish. At first, he thought he imagined it but soon enough, it became apparent that it was truly her. He knew that smell. He loved that smell. He loved her.

Her warmth flowed through his body, soothing him and making him feel comfortable again. A memory from the back of his mind began to resurface. Something familiar and safe. Everything melted away as he found himself in his old apartment's living room. Or rather, the apartment he shared with Trish. Laying on the couch across from a small TV which illuminated the dark room, he found himself curled up with the tabby. The noises and the images displayed on the T.V was just a meaningless garble. It was as if someone had taken the footage and sped it up, then paused for a few frames before re-continuing while swapping the channel at the same time. The world outside his window was no different. He watched as the sun rose and set in the span of a second. Green turned to orange as layers of snow blanketed everything before it all melted away and the green came back again. Light and dark, light and dark. Endlessly looping over and over again. Jackson didn't pay the world much mind as he focused on Trish. He was spooning her as he usually did, his larger frame curled around her body as they rested under the comforter. She nuzzled his chin and pureed with delight. Compared to the members in his pack, especially prior to the war, he was smaller than or equal in height to most of them. Trish was the only exception. The small, slender tabby fit perfectly in his arms. They loved to curl around each other and sleep, enjoying the warmth the other provided. No matter how the day played out, they could always rely on one another to find a perfect sleeping position. Suddenly, she shifted in his arms, twisting that flexible body of hers so that she was facing him as she rested her hands on his chest. He smiled as he felt her ears flick against his nose and her tail brush against his side as she tried to get his attention. Jackson let out a soft chuckle before he stuck a tongue out and licked the top of her head. Trish sighed and relaxed in his arms. "Don't let go..."

He nodded and in turn, he wrapped his arms around his step sister and pulled her in. Putting his muzzle close to her ear, he whispered to her. "I won't. I won't let you go" Rain began to pour outside, the droplets pattering against the window. Trish grabbed him harder, her claws digging into him. "Please." Her voice was desperate and she sounded like she was about to burst out into tears. "Don't go." Jackson frowned and licked her head in between her ears, trying to sooth her. This time, the flavor of her fur was more intense than he could have imagined. It was definitely her taste but at the same time, it was as if it had been amplified. Not to mention his tongue stuck to the fur, his mouth was too dry to slick it perfectly. Nevertheless, he had to assure her everything was okay. "I'm not. I promise..." "Please! Please don't take him away!" He opened his eyes, blurry figures swam in his vision and the room crawled with shadows. Trish was no longer in his arms, her absence brought about a feeling of coldness and isolation. A shiver ran up his spine as he quickly slid off the couch, the covers falling away to reveal he wasn't wearing anything. The shadows around the room started to dance. The light that came in from the outside was extinguished and the darkness closed in all around him. Even with his natural night vision, he could barely see. However, he could tell things were moving around him. The furniture seemed to shift unnaturally, their shapes distorting as they stretched and grew. Tiny little creatures seemed to be scurrying around his legs. He felt a hand brush against his arm. Looking around, he kept his ears

perked up in alert as he tried to figure out what was going on, desperately sniffing the air for a threat. The only thing he managed to smell were mothballs and old grease. "CLEAR!" Constance's voice filled his ears, followed by a sharp whine. Then, the shock. For a brief moment, the room was illuminated again. A flash of white light lit up the room before the darkness swallowed everything up once more. An electric sensation flowed through his body, making his fur stand on end as the smell of ozone filled his nostrils. Then, the whole room began to shake. Pictures fell off the walls and the furniture moved on its own. Jackson wobbled in place, trying to stay balanced as he was nearly thrown to the floor by the violent vibrations. "CLEAR!" Her voice sounded out again, followed by the high pitched whine before the room lit up again. Dust from the ceiling fell down all around him as massive cracks spread out from walls, letting in rays of blinding white light which illuminated the room, just barely giving him an idea of the mess that was forming all around the room. His tail tucked in between his legs before he ran to the closest piece of cover he could hide under. In this case, it was the small wooden dining table that sat in the middle of the room. He slid under the table, grabbing its legs as he stared through one of the cracks in the walls. There was nothing on the other side, but bright white light. "CLEAR!" This time, the part of the ceiling broke off and slammed into the floor. Pipes in the walls burst

out, spraying water all over the wooden floor as the cracks in the wall widened. Jackson looked around frantically. He started to bark and whine in some vain attempt to call for help or make the forces that were tearing the room apart stop, his cries lost in the rumbling. That was until he focused on the front door. In all the commotion, it seemed to have cracked open a little bit, letting even more light spill into the room. Jackson looked around at the crumbling room, and at the exit. There was no other way. He would either have to run out that door, or get crushed in this room. "CLEAR!" Jackson charged for the door, tearing it open as the sharp whine reached its peak. His vision went white as light engulfed the room. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Constance stood over the unconscious German shepherd, chest paddles in hand as Claire put the stethoscope to his chest. Listening for a moment before letting out a relieved sigh, the red panda nodded to the badger. "His heart is beating again." At that moment, a wave of calm washed over the clearing. The giantesses that had gathered around them as they watched the two resuscitate their pack member backed off a little, a few of them letting out relieved murmurs and sighs. Constance found herself wiping a non-existent bead of sweat from her brow as she tried to ignore the imaginary weights on her shoulders. However, she couldn't shake the feeling like she was only prolonging the inevitable. The situation was less than ideal. While Constance did have plenty of experience stabilizing critically injured patients in the field, treating them was a surgeon's job. Sure, the giants were smart enough to bring a destroyed ambulance over but what good did that do when she couldn't even venture

to guess how bad his injuries really were. Aside from the obvious blood loss and his severed limb, Constance struggled to diagnose him any further. Jackson was clearly having trouble breathing and she could feel that some of his ribs were shifting inside him. He was most likely suffering from a punctured lung given his shallow, raspy gasps. Without proper medical attention, all they could do was pray to their respective gods and hope that he would get better soon. She looked at the red panda who sighed as she clutched his hand, whispering something to the sleeping canine. Constance didn't quite understand the relationship those two had. It seemed like they were in love which was fair enough. Both were probably scared and alone which made it all the easier for them to cuddle up with each other for comfort. But then there was the fact Claire was a hermaphrodite with an insatiable appetite for sex. Constance couldn't be certain what the two had done in that town and the last thing she wanted to do was offend the red panda by asking her if she raped Jackson. For one, it seemed obvious but even then, asking the question out loud would have definitely been offensive. Thus, she had to ask herself what they saw in each other. Why would Claire care so much for a male she had just met. Why would he fall for someone who forced herself on him? Constance almost made the mistake of calling Claire a monster again. She wasn't proud of that fact because it simply wasn't fair for her to label the red panda as such. Charlie was a true monster. Claire on the other hand simply had the body of one of those things. Even if she couldn't maintain complete control over herself, at least she was still a good person. The same however, could not be said about the giants that surrounded them. Jackson's pack mates were guarding the clearing they were in. They were posted all around, keeping watch for any signs of danger. On one hand, it was nice to feel.... Somewhat safe again. The giants had promised no harm would come to them while they worked on reviving Jackson and they

made good on their word. They even brought the group additional supplies and soft cushions so it would be more comfortable for them to rest there. Despite the accommodations the giants had provided them however, things only felt more tense with each passing moment. Constance of course, wasn't entirely certain if they were doing it out of good will. She felt like a prisoner, trapped in this clearing by a group of captors that would definitely make sure they couldn't escape while their plaything was still unconscious. Failure definitely wasn't an option. It was clear what would happen if Jackson died on their watch, even if the giants didn't spell it out word for word. Constance had been in many high stress situations before. It wasn't as if she hadn't been in a precarious situation where lives were on the line but the past three days had really frayed her nerves. The constant worry and pressure was starting to take a toll on her performance. Taking a deep breath, she looked at her hands which shook uncontrollably, her heart pounding hard in her chest as a cold sweat broke out over her forehead. Taking a moment to recollect herself, she exhaled, letting it all flow out of her as she set her hands back down. It did not help in the slightest. "I... I can't perform the operation yet. This situation is delicate enough as it is. Let's make sure he's stable and we'll get to work after that." Claire turned to Constance for a moment, understanding what the badger was going through before laying down next to Jackson, deciding her best option was to spoon him. The red panda put her arms on his chest, careful not to disturb the tubing which jutted out of his arms and connected to half full bags of blood and saline. Constance stood up, wiping the forest's detritus from her pants as she walked over to where Maria and Rodger were. The tiny fox kit's eyes darted in between the giants and Constance, watching them both vigilantly. Maria did her best to rock the child in her lap but she was doing it too rough, inadvertently keeping him awake. Despite this unpleasantness however, Rodger didn't seem to mind. He didn't complain once and now that his mother had returned, all was right with

the world. The kit scrambled out of Maria's arms and ran straight for Constance, jumping up and leaping into her arms. It knocked the wind out of her and she struggled to remain upright, her knees buckling as she hoisted the fox cub up and hugged him to her chest. He whined into her ear, clearly overjoyed she was back but unhappy she couldn't have come back to him sooner. Constance couldn't help but let a small smile cross her lips as she sat down next to Maria, and hugged Rodger tight. From the corner of her eye, Constance saw the ghost of a smile crease the edges of Maria's lips. She turned to the lynx, their eyes met. For the briefest of moments, there was a spark of life in Maria's eyes, a warmness that almost seemed alien. Constance felt her heart skip a beat as she locked her gaze with Maria's, the two silently staring at each other and trying to read the other. That was until Maria broke the exchange, turning away and staring at the bridge of her muzzle where a bandage was plastered. Her eyes grew cold and dark once more as her ears folded back. "Sorry about yelling at you earlier. I was under a lot of stress and I shouldn't have taken it out on you..." Constance shook her head and put a hand on the Corporal's. Maria seemed to want to shy away from the contact. Instead, Constance heard Maria's nub of a tail brush against the dirt. "Its alright Maria. I know I shouldn't have overreacted. I admit, that was wrong of me too. I'm sorry." A thick silence overtook the two, blanketing them in an uncomfortable quiet as they looked at the giantesses. Maria's hands were calloused, her grip firm and strong, but it was comforting. For a brief moment, Constance thought about what kind of life Maria had before she had joined the Commonwealth Marines. She must have been a blue collar worker or at least, come from a working class background. A family that was strict, regimented, full of warriors from different eras. It was an amusing thought, imagining Maria as a small kitten, sitting on her grandfather's lap and listening to him

recount his time fighting in foreign lands as he smoked on a fat cigar. Her thoughts were interrupted when the sound of shaky foot steps and sobbing broke her out of her musings. Her ears perked up and she watched as a jet black furred wolf stumbled into the clearing, a crushed beer keg dragging behind her. She collapsed on the ground, curling up into herself and sniffling like a cub. It was the same wolf that had carried Jackson into the clearing, bawling uncontrollably as she screamed for help. When she first arrived, the other giants were quick to calm her down and gently extract the half dead canine from her grasp. They were distraught by the sight of Jackson and some openly wept as well but for the most part, they put on brave faces. The wolfess however, remained inconsolable, even as her pack mates kissed her and assured her that she had done everything she could. It was strange watching it as it happened. The wolf, Olivia, was the largest and definitely stronger than any of the others in this pack. She stood a good two or so feet over the tallest one and definitely more muscular. Olivia wasn't the largest giantess they had personally encountered but it was still strange to watch as this sadistic, hedonistic beast expressed true agony over a single male. Constance felt genuine curiosity as to why Olivia would even feel that sort of emotion in the first place? Why was Olivia's connection to this dog so special when other relationships and years of dedication crumbled in seconds after the woman transformed. Constance looked to Maria, then back to Rodger. The kit had fallen asleep, his head resting against her chest as he slept in her arms. She felt calm now. Her body no longer shook with anxiety and fear. Her mind was focused once more. Taking a deep breath, she carefully shifted Rodger over to Maria. The kit, too exhausted to wake up, remained asleep as the lynx took him and smiled. Constance couldn't help but smile herself before turning around addressing the Corporal. "I guess... I'll need to operate now. Start trying to drain Jackson's lungs and hoping he'll... Get better on his own I guess."

Maria nodded. "I'm rooting for you Constance. Good luck." The badger sighed and stood up, making her way back to the soldier. However, before she could take more than a few steps, an oversized hand blocked her way. She froze, recognizing who the hand belonged to as the smell of rot and beer hit her from behind. Constance turned around to see the wolf wipe a line of snot from her nose. "How is Jackson? Will he be okay?" Olivia's eyes were completely bloodshot. Her fur was still matted with blood and a trail of dried tears ran down her face. Constance wanted to step away but she found herself frozen in place under the gaze of the wolfess. Those were the same eyes she was used to seeing on the loved ones of patients. The ones who were holding out hope, but afraid that there was none left. The ones who knew they couldn't do anything but wait, stewing in their regrets as the seconds ticked by. Constance didn't know what to tell the wolfess. Several different lines she usually gave to calm down a grieving family member clogged her throat as they all scrambled to get out at once, her mind unable to organize the jumble of words. "I- We're working- It's going to-" She started to stutter, unable to control the fragments of sentences that came out of her as she trembled in place. Her hands awkwardly gesticulating as if they would somehow allow her to speak coherently. That was until the three vixens stepped in. Two of them reached up and gently placed their hands on the wolfess's shoulders. They were a good three feet shorter than her but that clearly didn't discourage them. Both stood on their toes, giving the wolf a kiss on the check as they ushered her back into the woods. Olivia didn't resist but she kept her eyes focused on Constance. Her lip trembled as a fresh gout of tears began to stream from her eyes. "Tell him I'm sorry! Tell him I love him! Please!"

The two vixens quietly reassured her that everything would be okay as they continued to pull her back. Meanwhile, the third one who was the chubbier of the three, stayed behind, holding her tail to her chest. "I'm sorry about that. She's having a hard time dealing with this. Especially since she blames herself for what happened." The giantess let go of her tail, letting it sway behind her as she walked away to rejoin her sisters. "Just... Do what you can please." Constance frowned as she looked at Jackson, contemplating just how she was going to have to shove a tube into his chest. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Light shined on Jackson's eyes through the branches of the old oak tree. The tiny puppy starred up through the orange leaves and branches, his tiny tail wagged, thumping against the ground as he realized... He was awake. Bounding up, he quickly surveyed his surroundings, trying to remember just where he was, his little head turning this way and that. The ears on his head turned like tiny radar dishes that desperately tried to pick up anything out of the ordinary. A field of wheat seemed to stretch on forever all around him. The yellow sea shimmering in the sunlight as the morning sun struck it. In the distance, there was a small white house and a red barn. Home. He giggled to himself as he stood up, bounding towards the field and leaping in. The stalks reached above his head, he was too small to actually see anything but it didn't matter. Running as fast as he could, the pup laughed and yipped as the grass whipped against his face, his fur protecting him from any mild discomfort and making it all the more fun. He happily jumped up and down, his head just barely rising above the yellow sea as he tried to keep sight of his house. Soon enough, he broke through, charging straight into the little clearing where his house and the barn was. He happily barked and yipped as he darted towards the home.... Until he heard something coming from the barn. The pup froze in place, staring at the red barn. Staring into the darkness within.

Something moved. He saw a figure dart deeper into the shadows and his fur stood on end. The tiny pup was unsure what to do as he looked all around the farm, trying to find his dad. However, his father wasn't anywhere to be found. He whined, looking at the house and then back at the barn. He wanted to find his father and tell him about what he had seen, but instinct told him to go investigate. Getting on all fours, the pup crept over to the barn, drawn in by the sound of something inside. His head lowered as he kept his nose to the ground, tracking the scent. There were many different smells coming from the barn like oil, dust, metal, rust, and paint. This time however, there was something new. Something unfamiliar. It smelled... Strange. He looked at the ground and caught sight of a few strands of white fur that definitely weren't his. He leaned in to give them a quick, cautious sniff. Whoever this fur belonged to, they obviously hadn't showered in a while. Not only that, they definitely didn't smell like anyone he knew. This fur came from an intruder! Then, he heard it. Something moving in the rafters above him. Whatever it was, it was too big to be a bird. Jackson looked up, and saw a pair of glowing yellow eyes staring back at him from the darkness. He trembled in place as his eyes managed to pick its silhouette from the darkness. It had little triangles on his head, a long tail, and sharp teeth. Jackson immediately recognized it for what it was. "CAT!" The figure giggled, a raspy high pitched voice filled his ears as this figure leapt down and landed gracefully in front of him with barely a sound. She was an orange tabby cat who wore nothing but a set of loose overalls. The cat gave him a toothy grin, her tail swaying hypnotically behind her as she paced around him, clearly sizing him up. Jackson couldn't help but try to rise to his full height and raise his fur to make himself look more intimidating. "What are you doing here!"

Personally, he had never met a cat. Sure, he had seen a few on occasion but he never got close to give them a proper sniff. Now that one was standing in front of him however, he couldn't help but feel a little nervous at the sight of her. Even though he was most likely bigger and stronger than her, he heard stories about these creatures having claws as sharp as knives and nine lives! The intruder smiled at him as if he was her best friend. "Exploring." The way she said it was so casual it made him feel as if he was in the wrong here. However, instinct told him that this was his territory, and that he needed to show this intruder that he was a force to be reckoned with. "This is my farm! You can't be here!" This only made the cat's smile grow wider as she stopped circling him. Her tail stopped swaying as she raised it behind her, holding it stock still with the exception of the occasional flick. "Oh? And what do you plan to do about it?" Jackson paused for a moment, unsure what to say in response. He would have expected his display would have frightened her off by now but she clearly wasn't intimidated. Thus, it was time for plan B. "I'll tell my dad! And you'll be in big trouble!" She laughed at him, clearly unimpressed. "Oh? Is that so candy ass? You're not going to deal with me yourself or something?" He nearly let his jaw drop when she said the bad word. "You can't say that word!" There was a pause for a moment as she restrained her laughter. "Oh? You mean ass?"

She stepped closer to him and he inadvertently took a step away from her. However, he didn't run away and steadied himself, trying to give off an aura of authority. "Yeah! That's a bad word! You're not allowed to say it!" "Why don't you make me pussy?" Jackson cringed when she said a second bad word. Clearly, she wasn't going to stop and the stream of profanities was probably going to get far worse, if that was even possible. He knew he probably wasn't up to the challenge, but dealing with this opponent was his responsibility now. His father was nowhere in sight and he needed to make a stand. Balling his hands into fists, he raised them as he adopted a fighting stance. "I'll make you leave!" Try as he might to sound like a credible threat, his opponent clearly wasn't taking the ruse. Instead, she unsheathed her claws and smiled wickedly at him. "Oh yeah?" Jackson's ears folded back but he didn't back down. He couldn't! Thus, he fell back on the only sort of combat training he ever knew. Old action movies. He circled around the girl, mimicking the actors as he stared at her down. The cat just stared at him, clearly amused by his antics as she swayed her pupils dilated. The tiny pup imagined himself soaring through the air, delivering a kick right to the girl's chest that would send her flying back into the wall. However, he realized that he probably wouldn't be able to do that and thus, decided his best move would be to sweep her legs from under her and pin her to the floor. With his plan in mind and confidence of victory, he put his plan into motion. He took a step forward, only for the cat to pounce on him. Jackson didn't have time to react before she slammed her body into his, sending them both tumbling to the ground. All the air was forced

out of his chest as she bit his neck. The small, needle-like fangs weren't big enough to pierce his fur and skin but it was definitely very uncomfortable for the pup. He let out high pitched whines and yelps, uselessly batting her face in a vain effort to escape her clutches. She giggled at him but did not let go as she went about trying to pin his arms down. She was successful with his right arm as she grabbed it, and slammed it to the floor. With a mouthful of fur, she growled at him. "Uncle! Say it!" "GAH! LET GO OF ME!" Yelled Jackson as he tried to force her off . Realizing she wasn't going to let go, he reached his left arm up and grabbed her ear, just as she managed to grab it. She yowled with pain as he tugged on it, in turn causing her to bite down harder. He tried to angle his head down to bite her in return, but with her head directly under his, there was just no way! He would either have to submit, or he would have to pull on her ear harder to make her stop! That was until an unfamiliar female voice stopped them. "Trish! Stop hassling Mr. Walker's boy and come over here!" The cat let go of his neck and looked up, frowning and huffing. "But mom!" "No buts! We came here to discuss you having something to do while I'm away and you aren't going to sneak your way out of this one!" Trish got off Jackson and crossed her arms, huffing in indignation as she sat on the floor and remained glued to the spot. Jackson rolled over, rubbing at the spot where Trish had bit him. Looking up, he saw a calico cat in a yellow sundress watching them, her arms folded in disappointment. Beside her was his father, a white human in his late forties. Jackson sat up and cocked his head. "Dad? What's

going on here? Who are these people?" His father, Henry Walker, sighed. "Well Jackson, you're going to have a big sister for a while." Jackson's jaw dropped. "WHAT!" The man glared at Jackson's outburst but didn't comment on his outburst. "Ms Hershall here is going through some financial problems and she had to take a job that's-" The words stopped making sense to Jackson. He had stopped paying attention to what his father was saying because he was more focused on the fact he had to live with a girl now. Not only that, the fact she was a cat made it even worse! Jackson stamped a foot on the ground. "NO! I don't want her! You can't have her stay with us!" Mr Walker frown deepened and his brow furrowed. Then, he walked over to Jackson and with one swift motion, slapped the pup across the face and sent him toppling to the ground. Jackson's ears rang from the blow, his tears stung his eyes and a sob escaped his throat. He knew that it wouldn't help, but he started crying. This only caused his father's frown to deepen. "Stop your crying! You're a boy! Man up and be responsible for once!" Jackson grit his teeth, wiping his eyes and desperately trying to stifle himself. He sniffed, rubbing at the sore spot on his face as he stood up on shaky legs. "Yes dad..." "Now don't go giving me any more lip. I didn't raise a whiny pansy. Shouting and crying like you're a spoiled brat. I raised you better than that didn't I?"

The pup turned his head away from his father and winced at the harsh words. He whimpered. "Yes dad. I'll behave..." "You best do so. Now, kindly introduce this nice young girl to your room and you treat her with the respect she deserves." Henry Walker sighed and turned to the calico who looked at Jackson sympathetically before her attention was drawn away by his father. Jackson stood still for a few moments, trying to still his beating heart. A hand touched his shoulder. He turned to face Trish who was now standing behind him, clearly concerned. "You... Alright dude?" Jackson huffed and wiped his tears away. He had to admit, his father did have a point. After all, being a boy meant responsibility. Just because he didn't like this new guest, didn't give him the right to act like a spoiled brat and he definitely shouldn't have been crying in front of a girl. That was just embarrassing. "I'm okay, that just stung a little. Come on, let's go to my room, that's where you're staying I guess." Trish frowned and looking around quickly, she grabbed his hand. "Why don't we do that later. We should... Do something together." "Like what?" Jackson cocked his head in confusion, not quite sure what this cat was trying to do. She shrugged. "I don't know, what do you do for fun around here?"

"I..." Jackson paused for a moment, trying to think of something. "I like to go on walks around the farm. Fly my kite... We have some board games as well if you want to play with that." Trish rolled her eyes and huffed. "Ugh! That sounds really boring. Do you have... I don't know, a game station?" "Nope. Dad says it's too expensive. That and I have better things to do than waste time." "What about friends? Do you have any friends who has one of those?" Jackson's ears folded back and he looked at the ground. "Uhhh... No. I don't really have any friends." She groaned in disappointment. "Ugh, seriously? Then what do you do around here all day long?" "I don't know!" He threw his arms up in frustration. "What were you hoping to do anyways?" "Something fun! That's what!" There was a moment of silence between the two, before Jackson's ears perked up and a smile crossed his face. Leaning into her, he whispered. "You know... I think I have something you might be interested in, but its a secret. You can't tell anyone about it."

Her ears perked up and she looked at him. From what he could tell, she appeared to be curious but at the same time, she didn't appear to be very excited. He giggled, pulling her hand as he dragged her into the house. While resistant at first, she was soon running alongside him, her foot pads kicking up dirt as they ran towards the house. The two barged in through the front door and scrambled up a staircase to the second floor where his room was. He opened the door to his room, letting the feline in and quickly shut it behind them. Jackson's room was sparse and dull, as if it was a sepia photo come to life. A bed, a small wardrobe, a desk, and a bookshelf were the only furnishings in said room. The only object that could have been considered a decoration was a small, framed photo on his desk which depicted him and his father. Trish took a moment, looking around with a grimace as she sat down on his bed, the springs creaking as she huffed. "So, what did you want to show me anyways?" Jackson chuckled as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a pocket knife. Trish's ears perked up at the sight of it but she still seemed pretty disinterested. That was the case, until she watched him crawl under his desk and pry up a loose floor board. Within were a few interesting objects. A small tin with money in it, a packet of cigarettes he had found, and a rifle. She gasped the moment she saw it, bounding over and sliding right beside him. "A gun?" Grabbing the rifle before he could say anything and looked at it closely, feeling its weight. He shook his head and sighed. "No. It's a air rifle. You pump it and shoot." This caused her to deflate a little and she frowned, inspecting it closer by looking down the barrel. "Does it work?"

"Nope. There's a leak in the air tank. I've been trying to get it working again but I just can't seem to find the right parts to fix it. I guess that's why dad left it in the barn. He just never got around to working on it." Silence fell over the two for a moment as Jackson placed the rifle back in its hiding spot and replaced the floorboard. He looked at her, his tail wagging and thumping against the floorboards. "Wanna help me fix it? We can go shoot stuff afterwards." "What about bullets?" Though she feigned disinterest, she couldn't hide the little sparkle in her eye which betrayed her true feelings. "Not like we have any of those." Jackson shrugged. "I think ball bearings could work. I can easily find those but there's just no getting around the broken air tank." Trish hummed for a moment, before a smile crossed her face. "I think I know just where to get those parts." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Maria cradled the sleeping fox kit as Constance tended to Jackson. As much as the lynx did not want to imagine what would happen to them if Constance failed to accomplish the task, Maria knew lost causes when she saw them. This was one of them. Of course, there was always the off chance Constance could do something but there wasn't any guarantee that he would make it and she knew better than to voice her reservations aloud. Maria's mind went back to her first deployment during a peacekeeping operation in Cambaya. She remembered watching field medics tending to dying soldiers in the middle of battle. The madness of nighttime guerrilla attacks and the absolute hell that daytime brought as they carried out patrols in the cities. She had seen hell, experienced it first hand as bullets

flew all around her and tore her comrades apart. Maria tried to recall some of the medical procedures those medics did in an effort to save her brothers but nothing came to mind. All she could remember was the carnage and emotion. The lynx shuddered at the memories, forcing herself to shove the past to the side and focus on the present. The here and now was where she was needed. She was the only one who could protect these people now and she needed a plan. Taking a moment and looking around to make sure nobody was around, she reached into her back pocket and pulled out the tooth she had removed from Charlie. She felt it in her hands, rubbing her fingers against the polished, white surface. In her mind, she formulated a plan. All she would need to do, was drink the tooth and distract the giants so that Rodger, Claire and Constance could escape. However, there was no guarantee of success. She was outnumbered and even with her training, the odds of success were slim to none. Of course, that was assuming she remained sane after the transformation process ended. Maria had seen plenty of her own sisters exposed to the gas. Women she had trained and fought alongside with for years turning on her brothers in an instant. She wondered just what she would become if she drank it. "Isn't that the tooth from the hyena?" A loud, booming voice startled Maria and she nearly dropped the tooth on the floor. She was quick to close her hand around it and hold it to her chest as she looked up into the eyes of the mink. Her eyes, while on the surface appearing friendly and warm, were focused on Maria like a predator would when they spotted some tasty morsel. Maria held the tooth a little tighter. "Yeah, don't-" "Give it here." The mink held out her hand expectantly and smiled at Maria. The lynx swallowed nervously as the giantess beckoned the Marine to hand it over. "Come on, let me see it."

Knowing she didn't have a choice, Maria extended her arm and gently deposited it into the mink's hand. The mink took the tooth and scrutinized it closely, holding it between her fingers and inspecting it as if it were a diamond. "So, this is the false tooth huh? What were you planning on doing with this?" "I wanted to hand it over to the government. Maybe they could.... Synthesize a cure or something." Elizabeth nodded as she continued to ponder the tooth. Then, a grin creased the edges of her muzzle and she murmured. "I think I just found a better use for it." "What!?" Maria's jaw dropped. Rodger, startled by her sudden outburst, jolted awake, and hugged Maria tightly. "You can't take that! I need it! The Commonwealth needs it!" "The war is lost, sister. The Commonwealth is gone. Look at me. Look all around you." She spread her arms around her as if to point out the flaws in Maria's statement. "There won't be any coming back to this. It's. Over." "The Commonwealth will never die!" She growled and stood up, facing the giantess as she pulled her knife out. Rodger yelped as he grabbed onto her leg, whimpering and trying to get her to stop. "And I won't let it be taken away. Not while I'm still breathing!" Elizabeth scoffed. "Oh? And what, you plan to stab me with that tiny little thing? You think that's going to work?"

"It worked for Jackson. I don't care what you say, you're not going to drink away our hope like that!" "What?" Elizabeth looked genuinely shocked when Maria said it. Her mouth hung agape, ears folded back with genuine hurt. "Hold on, what did you say?" Maria snarled. "Don't fuck with me! I'm serious!" "No, hang on!" Holding her hand up, she snorted with disgust. "You honestly think I was going to drink this. That I'd be so selfish that I'd just use this thing on myself." It was now Maria's turn to be confused as her grip on the knife loosened a bit. "You... Aren't?" Elizabeth huffed and crossed her arms, looking very disappointed. "In case you haven't noticed, we're not exactly like most other giantesses. We're not stupid enough to charge into machine gun fire or hold pissing contests over some particular pile of rubble... Unless we were doing it out of spite of course." "Then what did you plan on using that tooth for! You said you found a better use for it!" "And I did!" She pointed over to Jackson. "It's for him!" Maria snorted. "Bullshit, this stuff doesn't work on men! Jackson was breathing this stuff in and it didn't change him in the slightest!"

"That's because it wasn't meant to!" Elizabeth held her arms up, clearly frustrated by the Corporal. "This formula was made so it couldn't work on men but I know how to make it work." "How?" "It's going to take some time, but if the principle of this drug and its composition are the pretty much the same as the stuff we've been breathing in, then I could rework it so it can affect him." Maria looked to Jackson, then back to Elizabeth. The mink's eyes were laser focused on her but at the same time, they were earnest and pleading. She couldn't help but feel... Sympathy for this giantess. After all, she knew what it was like to lose someone she cared about. In a way, Jackson was her brother too. Though he may have been in a different branch and green as grass, he was probably one of the most courageous boys she had the honor of working with. Elizabeth held her hands together, as if praying to Maria like she were a goddess. "Please. We can't lose Jackson. I know this is probably a lot for me to ask but he means the world to us." Maria looked down at Rodger who was trembling by her side. He looked up into her eyes, pleading with her to not do something she would regret. Against her better judgment, Maria sheathed the knife and sighed with resignation. "Fine... Go ahead... Save his life." The mink gave her a weak smile as she knelt down and kissed Maria affectionately on the top of her head. "Thank you."

Maria crossed her arms and growled. "It better work. And if it does, Jackson better go on to do something great to make this sacrifice worth it." "We'll make sure of it. I promise." There was a pause as Elizabeth stared at the tooth and held it to her chest, uttering a quick prayer before calling out. "Vivian! Where are you!? Can you come over here for a second?" Her voice came from the trees. "Yeah sure! Hang on!" Silence fell over the clearing for a moment. Then, the sound of thundering footsteps as a mocha furred vixen jogged into the clearing. Brushing a brown lock of hair to the side, she looked to the mink expectantly. "What's up?" The mink offered the tooth to Vivian who took it, looking at it with intrigue. Elizabeth quickly explained where the tooth came from and what it was full of. This instantly caught the attention of the fox who's sole focus was now on the mink. Then, the two spoke to each other, their tones enthusiastic. Maria couldn't understand what they were going on about but it was clear they were talking about the tooth they were holding. This was confirmed when they called the others over and the girls who quickly assembled around the two. All except Olivia had come to see what had gotten the two so excited. Maria made her way over to the group who were huddled around the fox, quietly chatting with each other. The lynx squeezed in between their legs and came to the center of the group where Vivian was. Holding her hand up, Vivian silenced the group. "As you all are aware, Elizabeth and I had been doing some investigation into the chemical properties of the gas that transformed all of us. With the

help of our former professor, we determined that we were working with a mutagenic compound which exclusively alters the biology of females. Hence, why we transformed and our male counterparts did not." The group murmured in agreement but quickly stopped as Vivian continued. "I know you all aren't in the biochemistry field so I'll give you the broad strokes of our plan. This tooth right here, is full of the same stuff that changed us. However, Elizabeth and I think we may be able to re-calibrate it so that it could potentially work on Jackson." Everyone in the circle gasped at once, a few voicing their skepticism of the plan. "This iteration of the formula I'm holding right now is most likely a more stable version compared to the aerosolized variant we were exposed to. Because of this, the effects are likely to be more predictable and the chemical itself would be easier to alter. Something Professor Bowditch learned the hard way when he tried modifying the formula." A shudder ran through the group as discomfort crossed their faces. As much as Maria wanted to ask what happened with Bowditch, she knew better than to interrupt them. Silence passed for a moment, each member of the pack looking at the other. Then one of them, the coyote, spoke up. "Now hang on a minute! I'm all for trying this thing out but what would you say our chances of this thing working are? We all saw what happened to Bowditch! We're working with something that doesn't even change people based on their biology! What if it makes things worse!" Another girl, the maned wolf who had identified herself as Barbra, butted in. "The odds of it working are probably better than him surviving the ghetto surgery he's getting. We've seen what this stuff can do to help an injured person! Why are we even talking about this!? We should get on this right now!"

The clearing erupted into an argument which had the group split evenly down the middle between those who wanted to try the formula, and those who wanted to wait and see if Jackson would improve on his own. Their arguing only got louder when they started insulting each other and lashing out. Eventually, the discourse devolved into the two groups posturing and snapping at each other like a pack of wild dogs trying to assert dominance. They stamped on the floor and barked at each other from opposite sides of an imaginary line like it was some kind of ritualistic dance. This quickly ended when a loud roar deafened all of them. Each one of the giantesses shrank down in submission and stopped talking instantly. The wolfess stomped into the clearing, her gaze icy and cold. Olivia pointed at Vivian and Elizabeth who both swallowed nervously. "How long do you think you'll need to make this work?" The two in question turned to each other and frowned as if they were having a conversation with their facial expressions. Elizabeth then shrugged. "I... I don't know. We still have Brodwitch's research notes but it's not like we can go back to the university and use the equipment. Not after we set it all on fire to deal with... It." The chubby vixen raised her hand. "What about the airbase? Maybe they'll-" "Don't be stupid." Snarled the tabby. "They'll blow us up if we go anywhere near there, that's not an option." "Well the only other place I can think of is Bleu mont Community College but that's way too far away from here and even if we do go-."

"SHUT UP!" Roared Olivia as she stomped on the ground, cutting the two bickering giantesses off. "Someone better offer me a practical solution right now! Because if we waste anymore time, we won't be able to do anything!" "Go back to Elkins Hospital." Claire's voice silenced them all. They all turned to see the red panda standing up and removing a pair of blood stained surgical gloves. Olivia narrowed her eyes. "What do you mean? The hospital was completely destroyed, there's nothing left!" "Except for the basement!" She paused for a moment, clearing her throat and in an effort to not choke up as she continued. "I worked in the Elkins fire station for a while. I made some friends there, one of whom was a researcher at the hospital. He said that the basement there was originally a fallout shelter back in the eighties but it was converted into a lab where they did research. Odds are, everything down there is still intact or salvageable." It was now the coyote's turn to express her doubt in the plan. She huffed and crossed her arms, clearly unconvinced. "What about power? In case you haven't noticed, the army burned everything down in an effort to kill us. In fact! That's the case for most of the country! There is no electricity! Even if the lab isn't destroyed, there won't be any power left to turn things back on!" Claire nodded. "But, the hospital had backup generators. Even if those aren't operational, the army also brought in their own in as well. I remember seeing them back when Jackson and I salvaged in the evacuation center. They should be wired to the hospital's power grid already."

Everyone in the group looked at each other, then back to Olivia who nodded. "Elizabeth and Vivian. Go to Elkins and see what you can do. If you can modify this serum, then do it. At least we'll have a backup plan if he doesn't wake up on his own." Claire raised her hand. "I'll come with you! I know how to get the generators working and I can probably operate some of the more delicate equipment if you need me too." They looked at the red panda and back to each other before nodding. Vivian put the tooth in a makeshift pocket she had sewn onto her blouse. Elizabeth reached down, picked Claire up and placed the red panda on her shoulders. As they disappeared into the forest, Claire turned around and shouted. "I'll be back soon! Stay safe!" There was silence as the group dispersed. A few of them wandered back to their watch posts while others walked to a corner of the clearing and flopped down into a pile as they went to sleep. Maria however, walked over to Constance as the badger hunched over the German Shepherd whose breathing seemed to be less laborious than before. A plastic tube stuck out of his chest and was dripping red tinted fluid into a small metallic pan. The paramedic looked up at the marine and gave her a weak smile. "This... Went better than I expected considering I never had to treat a pneumothorax case before..." Maria nodded and sat down by the badger. "What do you think his odds of surviving this are?" Constance paused and sighed. "Like I said before, all we can do is wait and see." "Please. Be honest with me."

There was a moment of silence before the paramedic turned to Maria, her eyes scanning the corporal for a moment. Then, she let out a weary sigh. "If Jackson survives, its going to be because they managed to modify the formula." --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson and Trish held their breaths as they crept back inside the house. The sound of their footsteps were muffled by their paw pads as they silently crept up the stairs, back towards his bedroom. He felt like a thief in the night, a feeling made all the more worse by the fact he and Trish had been stealing. His backpack seemed to weigh heavier and heavier with every step he took, accusing him of his heinous crime. Acquiring the tools to fix the gun was easy enough. A wrench and a canister of sealant from the barn was all he really needed. No. Getting the new air tank had been his biggest worry. Trish had proposed going to the local scrap yard to look for something they could salvage. While initially hesitant, she had eventually shamed him into joining her on her stealth mission. Thus, after dark when dad and Mrs Hershall had gone to bed, the two had snuck out of the house and walked all the way to the yard. Infiltrating the scrap yard was easy enough through a break in the fence. Guided by the moonlight and weak flashlight beams, they searched the gigantic piles of junk, looking for the right component. Eventually, Jackson did manage to find a suitable air tank that could replace the broken one in the rifle but the feeling of satisfaction did not ease his mind. He had to wonder just why he had gone through the trouble of doing this with her and even bothering to show her his secret stash. It wasn't as if they were true siblings in the first place and he definitely didn't consider Mrs Hershall to be his mother. Not that his father was truly his biological one in the first place. The two tiptoed inside his bedroom and he shut it quietly behind him, careful not to let the

hinges squeak as it clicked shit. He let out an involuntary sigh, his ear twitching as he set his backpack backpack down and retrieved the air tank from within. He didn't know what the hulking machine he had pulled it from was used for, but it didn't really matter. Trish had pried open the floorboard and handed him the rifle. Changing the old air tank for a new one was a simple enough task as he carefully removed the old tank and replaced it with a new one and applied a coat of sealant to make it airtight. The entire time this was going on, Trish rested her head on his shoulder, watching him work. Although he wasn't entirely sure what he felt about her, at least he was confident he felt happy around her. His tail told him that much as it quietly brushed against the floor. With one final twist of the wrench, he sighed and looked at his handy work. Giving the tank a tiny little shake, he nodded with satisfaction. "Alright, I think it's ready." She tensed up, one of her arms reaching out to touch the finished rifle "Really? Awesome!" He nodded and she let out a tiny squeak of excitement as she leaned down, and gave him a peck on the cheek. Jackson felt his face go flush as his heart started to race. When she let go, he looked back to her. He hadn't noticed it before, but her eyes seemed to sparkle in a strange sort of way. Her scent smelled absolutely amazing, not to mention that smile which made him feel even warmer. There was just no denying it now, she definitely made him happy.... And something else as well. He wasn't sure what it was, but it made his heart flutter. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Claire hugged her legs close to her chest as she sat in the ruins of the hospital's waiting room, laying on a couch and watching as the two other vixens, Cherry and Krystal, sat back to back in the parking lot. Getting the power on was a simple enough task. All she really needed to do was find the power box and switch on the back up generators to get things operational again. After that, the giants

had dug their way down into the lab, moving aside gigantic slabs of rubble and concrete before they found the entrance and tore it off its hinges. Thankfully, the labs were empty. While there was evidence people had been there, the rooms were vacant and the equipment was undamaged. With the exception of a few fallen ceiling tiles, the place had been left completely untouched by the chaos that tore the building apart. Just as the men who built and designed the shelter intended it to do. For a moment, she wondered what the people who had hid down here were doing at this moment if they were still alive. Did the army manage to move them someplace safe before the city was attacked? Or did they try to make a break for it, only to be caught by the chaos outside? Claire thought about it for a moment before she sighed, deciding it wasn't really worth thinking about, nor would it really matter what those poor people were going through. As depressing as it was to think like that, she knew she had to accept that this sort of thing was a fact of life now. Then, she turned her attention to the two vixens. Despite the fact they hadn't been told to come along, they did so anyway. Nobody, not even Olivia, protested against their actions and they remained relatively quiet as Vivian and Elizabeth discussed methods of working with the serum to produce the desired effects. It was nice to have two people who could actually protect the lab watching over them but at the same time, Claire felt strangely nervous around them. Her mind was overflowing with unanswered questions she wanted to ask them. She needed to know just what Jackson meant to them. Sure, they were a pack but at the same time, Claire wanted to know if they did truly still care about him, or if they just remembered they loved him. Taking a moment to steady herself, she approached the two. Their ears perked up as they watched her approach but they didn't say anything. They were studying her inquisitively, assessing her intent as she neared them. Then Krystal, the fox who was the chubbier of the two, spoke. "Something

the matter?" Claire's breath nearly hitched up in her throat and she found herself almost fumbling her delivery as she just barely managed to say. "I... I'm worried about Jackson. That's all. I was hoping I could... Talk?" Cherry, the sister who had a redder shade of fur, shrugged. "I suppose it would do us some good to make small talk." Her sister Krystal nodded in agreement. "Would make us all feel a little better. Remembering the good times and what not." The two turned to her, laying on their stomachs and propping their heads up with their arms almost in perfect sync. "Alright then." Cherry said as she picked out a few pieces of debris in her fur. "What would you like to talk about?" "I... Well, I wanted to know if... You still love Jackson." The words had come out before she really thought about them. In an instant, she found herself covering her mouth in fear and quickly tried to clarify her statement. "I didn't mean it like that! I mean-" Krystal held up a hand and cut her off. "I think we understand what you meant." Cherry nodded. "You're afraid we no longer truly love him for the man he is." "That we merely see him like a hole to fuck or even if we don't see him that way, we regard him

as more of a pet rather than a person." Claire opened her mouth and was about to ask why they were talking like they were finishing each other's thoughts but decided against it. There were more important questions than asking why they felt the need to talk about such a matter, even if it would divert the conversation towards something less controversial. She reluctantly nodded. "Yeah. I guess... I'm worried for him. He said he's afraid of living that sort of life." They nodded and Krystal sighed. "I would imagine he would be opposed to the idea." Her sister let out a weary chuckle. "He loves us unconditionally but I would never imagine trying to push him to his limits like that." The red panda scratched her head and cocked her to the side, making it clear she didn't understand what they meant. Cherry sighed and twirled her hands, trying to look for the right words. "He... Loves to love if that makes sense?" Krystal cut in. "He always tries to be empathetic and understanding whenever he meets new people." "It's what endeared him to us when we first met." "When did you first meet?" Claire mentally slapped herself, realizing she had interrupted them again as Krystal had begun to open her mouth to talk. "Agh, I'm sorry. It's just that Elizabeth mentioned you all were in a pack and invited me to join. I was just wondering how it all got started."

Instead of retaliating, they both smiled warmly at her. Cherry giggled, the warmth and mirth returning to her face as she dreamily gazed off into the distance. "Oh, the first day we met him was a fun one indeed." Krystal nuzzled her sister's neck who reciprocate the gesture. "We owned a small housing complex near the university." Cherry bit her lip and smiled. "We were very social with our tenants and provided them with a very unique experience." "It's also the reason why we usually didn't keep male company for long in the complex for that reason." "Boys have such a tendency to become possessive over a female or simply believe they are entitled to the treatment we provide." "Not Jackson." They leaned into each other and chuckled as they spoke at once. "He was special." Krystal sighed. "He didn't really care for the sex as much as he enjoyed spending time with us." Cherry nodded. "I think he was just happy to be with us regardless of what we did."

"Sort of makes sense considering his only friend was his sister." Claire cocked her head in confusion. "Wait, he never mentioned having a sister. I mean, he did talk about being worried about his parents but he never mentioned a sister. In fact, he never really mentioned... Well, any of you" The two nodded and Cherry clicked her tongue. "As much as Jackson did love us, he did feel weird when it came to explaining our relationship to outsiders." Krystal smirked, clearly finding their canine's bashfulness amusing. "Especially with Trish, even if the two were only really brother and sister on paper." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson felt his life flashing before his eyes. Every moment of triumph and regret flowing through his mind like a raging river, distinct and yet so hard to make out. His memories were starting to blur again, he felt himself slowly returning to the real world. Jackson however, didn't feel a need to return. He had made this choice to give his life for his pack mate and now he was done. This dog had done all he could do in this new and changing world, and now it was time to rest. Yet, he felt the strings of life trying to pull him from the abyss. Back to the cruel reality he had just tried to escape. Resisting the call, he began to claw his way back into the darkness, away from the force that tried to pull him back to the waking world. He could feel the strands snapping as he continued to pull away, each one feeling like one more shackle he broke free from. Then, there was that one, loud and resonant snap before gravity pulled him downward into the void. The darkness seemed to melt away again as he sank into his dreams. The inky black void was replaced by the apartment complex he lived in at the University. Everything was still as it was, warm.

Comforting. Safe. His happy place. In front of him was the room of the building managers. Cherry, Vivian, and Krystal. Steadying himself, he reached for the door handle, and carefully twisted it open. He was instantly greeted by a blast of warm air and a sweet, herbal smell. Inside, the room was covered from top to bottom in rose. From the silky curtains to the soft carpet, it was all that lovely shade of red. In the middle of what would have been a living room, was the bed. The love nest as they liked to put it. The three vixens lounged on the bed, each taking turns sucking on the end of a hookah which was no doubt, loaded with something Cherry had grown and Vivian had synthesized into more potent. They casually blew out smoke and laid blissfully among the sheets and pillows, curled up with nothing but the fur covering their bodies. Noticing the opened door, they smiled when they saw that it was him. Their ears perked up, tails wagged for a brief moment as they beckoned him over. Jackson didn't hesitate as he crawled into bed with them, letting them curl around him. He sighed, content to enjoy the small nest of warmth he shared with them. The pleasant herbal scents and musky flavors that filled his nose was a miraculous bouquet. Layers of smells which held so many secrets for him to unravel and enjoy. Closing his eyes, Jackson felt a smile spread across his face as he wrapped his arms around the nearest vixen, Cherry, and hugged her close. Though she was at least a good three inches taller than him, it didn't matter. She simply leaned in closer and kissed him on the head, humming softly as she wrapped her fluffy tail around him. That instant of time seemed to stretch into an eternity. He felt at peace. This was his place in the universe. This was where he belonged. In the loving embrace of three amazing and beautiful women as they smoked and relaxed on the bed. Jackson had grown so comfortable, it took him a moment to realize that someone was holding his chin. He opened his eyes and saw that Cherry was now holding the end of the hookah to his mouth, pressing it gently against his lips. Jackson sighed as he put his lips to it and sucked in a deep breath. He tasted their saliva on the mouthpiece, followed by whatever they

had put into the hookah. It was some kind of spice mixed with an earthy flavor. He resisted the urge to cough as he calmly exhaled the smoke like he did so many other times. The room darkened. The shadows began to dance once more, twirling and swirling together before dissipating to go off and join another group or form their own. Soon, they took the form of familiar people who began to approach the bed as they materialized from the shadows. Trish, Elizabeth, Barbra, Olivia... Even Claire climbed on the bed, joining the warm mass of furry bodies. Then, they all spoke, in one unified voice. "You need to wake up Jackson. Don't leave us." Jackson's ears folded back as he clung onto Cherry a little tighter. The vixen only pushed him away and looked at him with solemn, hurt eyes. He knew what they meant. His ears folded back and he looked to one of them for comfort, but it was clear he wasn't going to get any from them. He sighed. "I... I don't want to go back. I'm afraid." "Why are you afraid of us? Don't you love us?" They leaned into him, looking at him expectantly. "Are you disgusted by our bodies? Do you think we're grotesque monsters?" "No." He shook his head and sighed as he hugged his knees. "I'd never be disgusted by you all. It was never about the sex. You all just... Made me feel like I belong.." Jackson stopped and looked at each and every one of them. All of the girls seemed to wear a ghost of a smile on their faces. They understood what he meant. "I... I don't know if you're the same people I fell in love with anymore. Olivia she... I don't know. When I looked at her earlier, I could barely recognize the person she had become." Olivia crawled onto the bed, her tail in between her legs and ears folded back. "Jack... You

know what Mark did to me. You know how worthless he always made me feel." A tear formed at the corner of her eye. Jackson leaned over to wipe it away, earning a small whimper from the wolfess. "But you made me feel like I mattered. You loved me unconditionally, even if I was mean to you. I'm sorry if I hurt you." "No, it's not your fault." He shook his head and grabbed her hands. "I don't blame you for what you've become. What any of you have become or done. All of you have changed. Change is natural. Even if it's like this." "Then why did you kill yourself? If you loved us, why would you tear yourself away from us when we need you the most!" "I'm not abandoning you!" He yelled at them before biting his lip and trying to get his emotions under control. "I know it's selfish but... I'm not strong enough to stay. I'll just slow you all down." "You'll always have a place in our hearts." They reached out to him, placing their hands on his body. "Your role in our pack may change, but you will never be left behind or degraded like so many others have." Trish was the next one in the crowd to come to him, weaving her way through so that it was just him and her in the center. She looked into his eyes and grabbed his hands. "We are strong. Let us take care of you now. Let us protect you." "Then... What is my purpose? If I can't protect you anymore... What should I do?"

"You can do what you've always done." She leaned in a little closer, the tip of her nose touching his. "You can make us happy, and stand by us through these changing times." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Trish sat by her little brother, gently stroking his head and playing with his ears. Occasionally, she would reach down and jab a finger between his paw pads, hoping to elicit a response from him as she dug a finger between the soft fur and webbed digits. He, like most other canines, hated it when people touched his paws and he always reacted when someone touched him there. Now, she wished he was complaining or flicking her hand away instead of laying there, unresponsive to her touch. She hated it. She hated feeling powerless again. She hated feeling so uncertain and so afraid after everything that had happened. Her body screamed at her to do something, pumping her muscles full of adrenaline and sharpening her senses but what good was that? What good did that do for her aside from making her even more stressed than before. Jackson's breaths were becoming weaker. His movements became less energetic. The badger had done all she could to save his life but it wasn't enough. Now, Trish and the pack were now gathered around him. In Vivian's hands was the modified serum. It was a cloudy, off color shade of dark purple liquid which seemed to pulse inside of the syringe as she held it in a trembling hand. The others looked to one another, unsure if they were really going through with this. The ones who had been adamant on using the formula, including herself, were now unsure about doing so. The ones who were against the plan, now confronted with the sight of their dying pack mate, knew this serum was probably his last hope. Nobody was sure what to do anymore Trish then turned her attention to the three survivors Jackson had been protecting. Maria, Constance, and their kit Rodger. Despite the fact they were in an awful situation, they seemed happy or at least, accepted their situation. The little fox wore the lynx's helmet, holding it's lip up as he watched

the badger and lynx prepare their belongings. Maria and Constance talked about what they would need to do on their way to the Airbase and what they should expect in terms of the dangers along the way. As much as it made her unhappy, Trish knew these people had no real obligation to stick by Jackson. The only exception would have been the lynx soldier but even then, the pack had made it clear they were taking him away. He belonged with them. She had to mull that thought over again as she repeated it in her mind. He belonged to them. It had only been three days since they changed and already, they were talking about him as if he were an object. Trish had grown up with Jackson. She had known him far longer than anyone else in the pack. Though they had thought about talking the pack more about his past, they usually decided against it. The two siblings barely talked about their parents, always referring to them vaguely whenever the topic came up or changing the subject. After all, it was rather hard to explain why Jackson was the only son of a human without that particular line of questioning leading further back into his past. The only person who ever got remotely close to figuring out why Jackson was able to love so unconditionally was Barbra on account of the fact she was studying psychology. Fido's disorder as it was called, was a common mental disorder that formed in canines when they weren't properly socialized as pups. In most cases, it made them more aggressive but in others, the canine in question would seek to form a bond with anyone they could, regardless of who they were or how they treated him. Barbra could tell he had that problem. Some deep seated pain in his heart that he buried somewhere deep in himself underneath that loving exterior. However, she never did question him about it or confront him on the matter. It wouldn't have done any good for her to open a wound that he had fought so hard to seal up. He was damaged goods just like the rest of them. A lonely dog who never knew what true warmth or love was until he met them. Then, Trish had to wonder if he would even be the same person after this was all over. If he

would still be the loving dog that she grew up with. She didn't know how much the army had hardened him, but she knew for certain this war had changed him. Olivia said he had a panic attack when he saw her and yet he was willing to risk his life for her. He sacrificed and endured pain she never thought he would have been able to face. It was obvious he still felt that same obligation to serve as their protector but at the same time, he was afraid of them. He had killed for them. She could never have imagine him doing such a thing before. Then again, the same thing went for many of the females that underwent the transformations. Whatever this formula was that had changed them, altered them in so many different ways. Even the most timid of girls grew into something horrific when they were exposed to whatever this gas was. Francine, their coyote member, was no different despite the fact that she was a former biological male. If this serum were to change Jackson, would he become just like them? Trish looked around at the others, then down at Jackson. A choice needed to be made before it was too late. They could either let him pass on peacefully, or give him something that would hopefully bring him back from the brink. She wasn't sure if saving him would be the right choice, or an act of selfishness. Closing her eyes, Trish let her mind wander back to the good times they spent together. She felt nothing but a deep longing for those days to return. Damn everything else, even if she had to sacrifice this new body of hers just to get him back, then it would have been worth it. They couldn't just let him go. She closed her eyes and sighed. "Jackson was adopted by my step father." Trish continued to focus on Jackson, her gaze never leaving his sleeping eyes. However, she knew everyone was looking at her. "His original mother had abandoned him because he was a bastard child. Before I met him, he never knew what love was like or what it felt like to let someone into his heart." There was silence as Trish took a moment to wait for someone to say something. Nobody spoke

or commented, so she went on. "I opened him up. I made him into that love sick puppy that always sought our attention no matter what. I think its time we return the favor." Looking up to her pack mates, she addressed them all. "If we're all willing to help him as much as he helped us, then we should save him." There was a moment of silence where nobody said anything. Despite the fact she was the only one who said something, they all seemed to silently agree on this course of action. Vivian gave the syringe to Claire who carefully took it from the giantesses hand. Lifting up the fur on his arm, she found a vein and stuck the needle in, pushing the plunger down and injecting him with the modified serum. Jackson choked out a gasp of pain, instinctively trying to move away from the needle to little success. A shudder ran through his body before he started to convulse. He whimpered as things began to shift around inside him. Everyone winced as they heard the sound of flesh stretching, bones cracking, things inside tearing. They had heard these sounds before, but now they were coming from someone they empathized with. He coughed up a gob of blood, the crimson liquid staining his muzzle as bubbles formed around his lips. It looked like he was having a seizure. His body spasmed and seized as the nerves inside of him fired randomly with the formation of new neural pathways. Members of the pack whimpered, watching in horror as he groaned and whined with pain but they knew better than to interfere. They had to give him space for him to change. They watched as his limbs started to extend and grow. The tourniquet around his arm and the bandages that wrapped up his wound popped open as he outgrew the bindings, revealing a stump that quickly covered over with raw, pink skin. His remaining clothes ripped, revealing freshly healed

scrapes which were quickly covered over by milk chocolate colored fur. The muscles on his body bulged as they doubled in size. His breathing became steady and strong again as life returned to his gums. When it stopped, he was about eight and a half feet tall. His left arm was still missing, the stump being the only indicator of his condition just moments prior. Despite that one blemish however, he was perfect. Trish couldn't help but smile and she rested her hand in his, as he opened his hazel eyes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- END OF PART 1 Special thanks to Scared Ghost, Maxine, Samaless, Spookyaftermidnight, GCK(Tempeljaeger), and Zofia for helping me proofread and providing feedback this story Extra special thanks to Jay the Redpan and Reddyfish for inspiring, guiding, and allowing me to use this fantastic world they created. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Preview of part 2: Trouble in Paradise Chapter 1: Embrace the nightmare The guns went silent as the airfield burned. The runway was choked with fire and the wreckage of c-130 transport planes. No doubt, the Army was making a last ditch effort to escape with what little of their remaining forces and equipment they had. Where exactly? Well... That didn't really matter anymore. Without any planes and with all their jets out of commission, the remaining Commonwealth soldiers were now trapped in their airbase, surrounded on all sides by the giants. All that was required now was to take their position. With this victory, the last active holdout in the region would be destroyed and the Commonwealth would be freed from male oppression. Throughout the day, air force had launched a brutal air campaign against the army's of sin. Bombing everything and launching missile strikes against anyone who dared to step out of cover. The attack at Elkins had been delayed by the jet bombers from Sherman Air base and even when the transformation gas was deployed on the city, the men fought back ferociously. Many giantesses fell in the battle, having been torn apart by machine gun fire or blown to bits by jets as they strafed the streets and incinerated everything with cluster bombs. Now, those that had escaped their fate at Elkins and the bastards who had been bombing them all day had been driven into a corner. Their hope lasted only so long as their jets still had fuel and ammunition. Now, they had dug out a network of trenches and sandbag barricades which they hid behind. Maxine snorted at the thought of the toys hiding in their trenches and holes like the insects they were, hoping it would save them. No. Nothing could save them from the wrath of their betters. For the giantesses, their revenge was at hand. Rivera, a tigress who had been put in charge of the team's artillery, steadied her binoculars as she held up a hand, causing the mortar teams to pause as she smiled at their handywork. "Good job ladies! No more running for those fuckers! We've got them cornered now!"

She then turned to Maxine and nodded, allowing the wolf to take center stage. The wolfess curled her lips into a smile. The thought of achieving the final victory of the males was something she had dreamed of for months now. All the planning, the subterfuge and the preparations were all going to pay off today as they wiped the last of the Commonwealth off the face of the planet. Then, she started to laugh. It was deep, husky, and maniacal. So loud that it would have been enough for the defenders in the trenches to hear her. She then reached for the whistle around her neck and smiled at her comrades. "Get ready to take charge ladies! And take any golden retrievers for me to tear apart personally." The girls cheered and immediately, many of them stepped forward. However, these ones were different. They were feral, mad, raving beasts that didn't exactly take too well to Sin's formula. Held on leashes made of chains and industrial strength cargo straps, the beasts strained to break free and charge for the enemy as the scent of toys was carried to them by the wind. Their muscular bodies glistened in the moonlight as they savagely growled and barked at their enemy. Pressing the whistle up to her lips, she blew it and let out a shrill signal to the giantesses that only meant one thing. Attack! The feral women were released. The mindless, slobbering beasts charged without fear or hesitation towards the lines of defenders. As they approached closer, the ground erupted into flames. Massive explosions rocked the trees, tore the earth open and shook the bones of the giantesses as their cannon fodder advanced. It was as if hell itself had split the earth open to claim them. Many of the ferals were almost incinerated in an instant... Almost. Those that weren't killed in the initial blast continued forward, carried on by their momentum, rage and lust even as napalm stuck to their skin and burned them alive. Then, the trench line erupted into a show of light. Red and green tracers rounds soared over the land, slamming into the bodies of the giantesses. Some fell over as their bullet riddled corpses gave out but for most, the bullets posed little to no threat as they harmlessly bounced off

makeshift armor and thick skin. No, the true threat came from the toys in armored vehicles, and those with shoulder launched anti-tank weapons. Missiles streaked into their ranks and hit a few of the giantesses. Their bodies were blown apart as the rockets, designed to destroy heavily armored tanks, tore through their bodies like tissue paper. APCs with massive 30mm chain guns tore big chunks out of the giantesses, ripping apart limbs and tearing their guts out. Tanks fired sabot rounds into the hoard, killing many as the depleted uranium tipped warheads pierced flesh and bone like tissue paper. However, it wasn't enough. It couldn't have been enough. Too slow and too few. Maxine smiled at the carnage unfolding before her, watching her sisters being brutally torn apart by the enemy. It was all a necessary sacrifice. The price of victory was something someone had to pay, no matter how much it hurt. Before, she was a security guard, working minimum wage for the corporation that would give birth to Sin's masterpiece. Every day has been hell. Her status and job degraded by men who lusted after her body. Despite the pain however, it was the best thing that had happened to her in a very long time. This body was powerful, capable of bending and crushing a person with ease and a dick long enough to spear them use them like the toys they were. However, that wasn't the greatest part of her change. That honor went to the feeling of control she now held. For the first time in her left, she felt like she had complete control over her own life. Maxine laughed as the ferals finally began to penetrate the first line, with the weight of transformed women crushing broken vehicles and tanks that had been converted into stationary turrets. The screams of the defenders being torn to shreds or raped rang throughout the night. Turning to her second in command, she smiled wickedly, knowing what came next. "Are we ready to start advancing with them, Rivera?" Rivera smiled and raised her gun. Behind her, dozens of women cheered. There were the

professional military units, individuals that had been hand picked by Sin to join the cause and equipped with form fitting clothing, armor, and equipment. The black latex suit on their bodies glistened in the moonlight under armor plates and gear pouches. They checked their rifles and guns, ready for the battle as a few of the more enthusiastic members raised their guns and let off a few rounds. Then, there were the conscripts, the giantesses who had eagerly joined the cause despite having no training. They had fashioned flags and sashes out of discarded cloth in show of their support to the cause, brandishing more rudimentary weapons like clubs and shields. Despite the fact they were unequipped compared to the professionals, they were far more dangerous than anything the Commonwealth could muster. Even if those girls were barehanded, they could outmatch just about anything the men had. The giantesses all cheered, whooped, and laughed in anticipation of the battle as fireballs blossomed along the trench lines where the defenders were. The tigress nodded and roared. "READY!" Maxine smiled as anticipation began to build within her body, with fantasies running through her mind on what they'll do with the last few survivors. Getting riled up within her black suit, a visible erection down her left thigh, struggling against her leg holster which contained a massive double stacked 1911 handgun. She blew into the whistle once more, signaling the second wave to start charging and storming the base. Everything in their way was clear. No guns or landmines. Just toys and women who had yet to be blessed with Sin's gift. The soldiers of Sin's new world charged. They leapt out from behind the trees and ran at the remnants of the Commonwealth's forces. A few points on the line, the ones that had managed to repel the initial attack and weren't busy trying to save their friends, fired at the attackers but it was a hopeless effort. A few sporadic streams of tracer fire were sent out, only to be responded to by a hail of gunfire from the giantesses who easily overwhelmed them. A tank which had still been operating fired a tank

shell into the attackers, one poor girl falling over as it breached her armor and hit her heart. Before the boys could reload however, two giantesses were on it. They hopped on top of the tank and ripped the turret off. The men inside screamed as they were torn from their vehicle and ripped apart limb by limb. Another group of defenders, a few male civilians armed with nothing but rusty shotguns and hunting rifles, did their best to take down a feral that fell into their trench, firing on the beast until it stopped moving. However, that did them little good as another giantess took their fallen sister's place, kicking the little men clear across the trench where a few conscripts grabbed them and eagerly began to tear their clothes off. As this was happening, Rivera charged towards a machine gun nest that was being manned by a lone soldier in a gas mask. They hurled insults and fired .50 caliber bullets at the giants. The tigress easily leapt over the stream of tracers and picked the soldier by the waist. The soldier in turn pulled out a pistol but before they could fire, Rivera crushed their chest in her grip. Blood poured between her fingers as the soldier went limp. A female badger with a gas mask screamed and ran towards the tigress shouting something. Her voice was muffled by her gas mask but it was clear she was trying to get Rivera to stop hurting the soldier. The tigress responded by kicking the woman, sending her body into a wall of the trench. A loud snap sounded out as the badger fell to the floor, gasping and twitching on the floor. She hacked up a gob of blood into her clear gas mask, painting her pristine white fur red. Rivera approached her, smirking at the traitor who believed she could stop a goddess like her with words alone. That was, until a child's voice cried out. "MOMMY!"

Rivera froze in place as a small kit scrambled out of a nearby pill box, running towards the fallen badger and grabbing onto her arm. He screamed for her to get up, tears streamed down his face, his voice choked with sobs. The kit cried out for her again and again but received no response. There wasn't a point. She was dead. To be continued...
