Claire wasn't one to be a pessimist, that much was certain. To her, there wasn't exactly a point to moping around and being depressed, especially now after her changes. Something about it made her feel giddy and confident. She felt powerful with her new body, knowing she could easily take on just about any male and win. Something about it made her rock hard, sending pleasurable shivers through her body before painfully reminded her that her cock wasn't buried in a warm hole at the moment. Of course, the only viable candidate for that was who knows where and all she had left were the rejects. Two broken males that wouldn't give her the rush she desired and three dangerous ones that would definitely try to kill her. Taking a deep sigh, she turned her attention away from the small line of refugees and looked behind her in some vain hope Jackson would come running through the trees. Her heart ached a little as she thought about Jackson staring down his ex, rifle raised and fighting back in a desperate attempt to survive, his ferocity and wit keeping him one step ahead of her. He had done it once already, surely he could do it again. Claire had to shake her head clear of her thoughts and she asked herself why she was getting so worked up over a male she had just met the day before. Jackson didn't exactly stand out or anything and yet, she found herself yearning for him. Something about his taste, his scent, the way he had moaned and cuddled with her after their fuck session made her feel giddy inside. It satisfied some itch she had been craving for a while and it wasn't just the sex her new body desired every waking moment. The kiss he had given her lingered in her head. That passionate, tender affection he gave her despite her body or her rough treatment of him was something else. It was clearly genuine that much

was certain. Otherwise, he wouldn't have bothered to keep kissing her and having more sex. Or maybe he did hit his head a few too many times and her blow to him had scrambled his brain. She then shuddered as the memory of him aiming the rifle seeped into her mind once more. There was anger and fear in those eyes of his. Some fiery hate that was buried somewhere deep in his heart that wanted him to shoot but he didn't. He was afraid and unsure what to do, trying to come to terms with his devotion to his nation and his newfound feelings towards her. Somehow, his empathy had overpowered his instinct to kill her but what good did that do him? The world he knew was being torn away from him and he was nothing but a spectator to the destruction of his own gender. Soon enough, he would be a victim of it by the hands of his girlfriend. Claire wanted to turn around and run back, to somehow track him down and help him win his fight. Yet, she couldn't help but shiver at the thought of it. She wasn't exactly sure how Jackson could do it, but the thought of directly facing someone that large and powerful terrified her. He had done so twice now and he was about to do it again. The group stopped in place and ducked down as a fighter jet screeched overhead. Its silvery wings were barely visible under the moonlight as it flew north. Claire looked up in shock as she walked closer to the front of the line. "Holy shit!" Maria nodded in agreement, looking at the direction the jet was flying in. "Holy shit indeed. They must have come from Sherman Air force base." "Can you be sure?"

She nodded. "They have to be. That's the closet airfield in the immediate area and that thing is flying too low for it to just be making a pass. I'm not certain how well they're holding up but they may be our only ticket out of the state. Unless we want to cross the Appalachian mountains on foot." Hope seemed to fill the group at the thought of being airlifted to safety. Far above the reach of the giants. Claire however was skeptical on the matter, remembering what Jackson had said to her. Any air bases in the area were definitely priority targets for the giants. She shuddered at the thought of getting caught in an airstrike or getting ripped apart by a giant but she quickly blotted it out of her mind. The last thing the group needed was their morale to be lowered any further. Slowing down, she retook her position in the back of the group and watched their backs. The air was thick with tension as the members of the line looked around, constantly scanning their surroundings for anything out of the ordinary. Nobody felt safe, that much was obvious but it wasn't the threat of the giants or bombs that scared them now. They were afraid of each other. Maria took point in the line, followed closely by Annikin as he struggled to keep up with her. Behind him were the mutineers who carried Brone on his stretcher. Charlie watched over them, her Remington 870 clutched tightly in her hands. Then, it was Constance, Rodger, and herself at the back. Rodger clung tightly to the paramedic's sleeve, even as she subtly tried to get him to let go of her. The boy whimpered whenever she was successful and latched back on with an even tighter grip. She could only sigh as she slowed her pace down so that she was walking beside Claire with Rodger in between. "Claire, can you help me with Roger? He seems tired and... I need you to carry him for a bit." Claire nodded and picked the kit up. Roger began to fuss, trying to squirm his way out of the red panda's arms but he eventually gave up and rested there. Constance let out a sigh of relief through

her gas mask. "Thank you Claire, honestly. I know you've got a lot on your plate already but...." "I know Constance. I could barely sleep last night as well." She nodded as she looked over at Roger, scratching the boy on the head. "He's been through so much already. I want to help him but at the same time..." Her voice quieted down as Roger stirred in Claire's arms. Claire's ears splayed back. "What... happened?" "I managed to save him from a car wreck when Riverside got attacked. I was wearing a gas mask at the time so I didn't turn. His parents on the other hand..." Claire felt her ears splay back. "Oh no." She continued to stroke the kit's ears, frowning. "When I found him, he was crying, curled up in the back seat, absolutely terrified. So, I scooped him up and drove to the evac zone as quickly as I could. He hasn't spoken a word since." "Was he hurt?" Constance shook her head. "Aside from a few scratches, no. He was okay but his father... His mother was doing it right in front of him, yelling all sorts of awful things."

"I'm sorry. That sounds absolutely horrible." "It's not your fault Claire... I... I don't even know what type of mother would do that in front of her own child. To just abandon him like that and leave him to his own fate... To ignore his cries for comfort and traumatize him by killing his father." Claire cringed at the thought but refused to buy into it. However, it was more out of a desire not to think about it rather than a genuine faith that the others had some morality. "Are you sure? I mean... Maybe its just a spur of the moment thing. The changes they go through are probably intense right?" Constance shook her head. "We can't exactly rule it out. These things have no empathy or any sense of decency. It takes a special type of person to make something like this and the fact so many women were just so... Willing to do this... That probably makes this whole thing even worse somehow." The red panda cringed at the words. Being called a thing with no empathy or decency wasn't exactly fair. Of course, she knew what Constance meant but it still didn't take the sting out of it. "What do you mean?" Her face hardened, a tear seeming to form at the corner of her eye as she scowled. Then, she began to rant, going on and on about her thoughts of the war. It was exactly everything Jackson had said just hours prior. The same feelings of betrayal, anger, pain, loss, and hopelessness. Claire wasn't certain if Constance had heard whatever Jackson said earlier but that didn't matter. It was clear that this wasn't just his line of thinking alone. Everyone who wasn't busy thinking if they could survive around

or fucking the life out of someone else was probably thinking it. Her voice raised a few octaves, drawing the attention of those from the front of the line. Claire hissed as the hair on her back stood on end. "Quiet down Constance, you're getting too loud." The badger paused, taking a few breaths and recomposing herself. "I'm sorry, but just the thought of it... The children, they're going to suffer the most from this. I... I don't want to think about what will happen to them." Claire wanted to say something reassuring but she couldn't, only managing to stutter out a few meaningless words before giving up entirely. The badger looked at Claire with an expression that told her everything. Even if Claire managed to give her some words of assurance, she knew better than to just buy into it. The two fell back into an uneasy silence and the group continued along. In front of them, Charlie began to slow down a little, her ears folded downwards as she listened to the two. Her tail twitched nervously and she would occasionally glance back at them, though the glare from her gas mask made it hard for them to see her expression, her ears were folded firmly against her head. Claire sighed and continued to rock Rodger in his arms, trying to keep the boy calm and asleep as they carried on. Silence passed over the group again and eventually, Rodger shut his eyes and began to breathe softly, though a few soft whines escaped his throat as he twitched in her arms, a few tears leaking from his eyes. Claire leaned down and nuzzled the top of the cubs head through her gas mask, quietly cooing and humming a soothing tune. However, this seemed to cause the boy even more stress as his whimpers eventually graduated to a few quiet yips. The red panda turned back to Constance and tried to offer the kit back. "Constance, you should hold him. I can't seem to calm him down."

Constance's ears folded back as she jumped away from Claire, fear evident in her eyes. "NO!" Immediately, the entire group stopped Maria glared at the two and snarled. "Keep your fucking voices down, are you trying to get us killed!?" Immediately, Constance shrunk away from the lynx, fear evident in her eyes as she held her hands up. "Sorry! I was-" Maria cut her off as she walked towards the two. "You two need to stop talking and focus, we're in the middle of a combat zone and you're treating this like nothing is wrong." Charlie stepped in the way, blocking the lynx who stared her down. The hyena swallowed a nervous lump in her throat. "Calm down, they're just under a lot of stress." "I don't give a shit. We're trying to keep a low profile and-" Before the lynx could continue her tirade, the two humans dropped the stretcher Brone was on as they slipped their handcuffs and charged at her, tackling her to the floor. They were quick to begin wrestling Maria for her rifle, kicking and scratching at her as they tried to wrench the carbine from her grasp. The lynx in turn fought back, growling as she clung onto the rifle, using her back legs to kick at them and gain some leverage. "Agh! FUCK!"

Charlie was startled by the sudden turn of events, so much so that she didn't have time to react before Brone had turned around and pulled a pistol from his belt, aiming it at her and growling. "Drop the shotgun. Now." Despite the fact he tried to be firm, there was a slight tremble in his voice and he seemed unfocused. His hand shook slightly, as if the pistol was just slightly too much for him to hold as he desperately tried to keep his aim steady. Charlie froze in place. "What the fu-" Brone fired his pistol and a bullet sailed past Charlie's head, missing it by mere inches as it cracked against a tree behind her. Maria instantly dropped her shotgun and raised her hands. The teenage cat reached over and tore her pistol from her belt, aiming it at Constance, Claire, and Rodger while he kicked the shotgun behind him. "Hands up!" The three did as they were told, Constance instantly reaching for the sky, shaking like a leaf as a few short gasps escaped her trembling lips. Claire only raised one arm, tightly clutching Rodger to her chest with the other as she held him tight. Despite the commotion, the boy didn't wake up or at least, didn't indicate he was aware of what was happening as he nestled further into her chest, clutching on tighter. Claire wanted to stay calm, but it was difficult, especially since she had a pistol aimed squarely at her face. Her heart rushed as instinct tried to take control of her body. It demanded that she run or fight back, so long as she could shield the boy from any bullets fired her way or better yet, set him down so she could act without restraint. She didn't need to take this from these males. She was a goddess, trapped in a body of flesh and blood that these inferior beings needed to fear. She could easily tear them apart with her bare hands. Hell, she could even take a pistol round or two without any lasting damage so long as they didn't shoot her in the head or the heart. Of course, she couldn't. Claire

trembled in place as the two humans finished pulverizing the lynx, leaving her a battered and bloody pulp on the floor before cuffing her hands behind her back. She struggled to raise her body, spitting out a bright red gob of blood right before she was kicked in her side. The lynx collapsed on her stomach again, coughing and wheezing for air as it was forced out of her once more. She could barely scream as one of the humans grabbed her by the scruff of her neck and dragged her towards the three civilians. Her left eye was swollen shut and her lip had been split. A river of blood poured out of her nose as she hacked up another red tinted line of saliva. Just like that, the tables had been turned. Now, they were the prisoners, their fate now held in the hands of a turncoat, and their former prisoners. She growled at Brone. "You scum sucking traitor!" The Labrador didn't even flinch as he kept his weapon aimed at them. "Corporal, you're relieved of your duty. We have reason to believe you're an agent saboteur who intends on betraying the Commonwealth." Maria scowled at him, or at least tried to considering how bruised and swollen her face was. "Agent saboteur?! Betrayal!?" She growled at him, her hand shaking as she struggled against the cuffs. "You're committing mutiny, you bastard! And with these three sexist fucks at that!" Brone lowered his gaze, refusing to meet her eyes. Before she could continue however, the blond human came over and stood in between the two, Maria's carbine in his hands as he aimed it at her. "Now listen here Corporal. This isn't just sexism anymore." With his rifle in one hand, he casually waved his free hand at the freed prisoners. "This is war. A war for the survival of men. That errr... Lap dog of yours. He spelled it out quite nicely don't you think? Sincorp... I don't know much about that

rabbit, but it doesn't take a genius to put two and two together." Maria narrowed her eyes as a smile parted the human's lips, revealing his ugly yellow teeth. He reached down and gripped the lynx's chin, forcing her to look him in the eyes. Claire guessed Maria could have easily bit his fingers off but all that would do was get them shot sooner. He stared at her with mocking glee. "Give a woman power, and she thinks she runs the world. I wouldn't expect anything less from a bunch of unstable, hormonal bitches. Especially an anthro." She snarled at him. "I'm not here to philosophize about stupid shit with you bastards. But for the goddess's sake, we're not the god damn enemy! How many times do we have to say that!" He aimed his carbine under her chin, clicking his tongue. "It doesn't matter if you are or not. You're all sleeper agents. Ticking time bombs. All it takes is one whiff and... Poof." As this was going on, Brone walked over to the rest of civilians, pointing at Constance. "You. Give me your bag now." Constance looked at him in shock, surprised he was directly addressing her. "W-What?" He snarled at her, reaching down and snatching the medical duffel bag away from her. Soon, he was joined by the feline and the brown haired human as they began to strip the prisoners of everything they had. They first began with Maria, tearing off her backpack, vest and belt. They seemed to take great joy in watching her squirm and laughed whenever she growled at them. The lynx obviously couldn't do anything about her situation and any action she could take was most likely going to get her

shot. Then, they moved on to Charlie, stealing her belt and turning her pockets inside out as they looted her too. Despite the bravery from the hyena put on, Claire could smell fear musk coming from the canine as they tore her clothes off and groped her. Then, it was her turn. They wrenched her fire ax off her back before they tore the pack off as well. They didn't give Claire the same treatment as the other two but that didn't exactly mean much. The two humans focused their attention on the two while Brone and the cat began dumping the contents of their packs on the floor, sifting through them as they sorted out the gear inside. Maria hissed in pain as she sat up and spat a wad of red tinted saliva on the floor. "You make me sick." The human chuckled. "I'd imagine. Getting the shit kicked out of you is liable to make you sick. With no medicine, my hopes-" Claire felt her heart stop when the feline emptied her bag on the floor and a leash plopped down onto the pile. The second the little metal clasps tapped against each other, everyone stopped talking and stared at the thing. Imaginary beads of sweat began to form on her head as she looked at the group who were now entirely focused on her. Claire swallowed the lump in her throat as the blond human raised his carbine at her. "Take your pants off." She felt her eyes widen with surprise and she began to tremble. "W-w-what?" To emphasize his point, he reached over and grabbed Rodger by the scruff of his neck. The kit let out a startled yelp as he yanked out of Claire's arms and thrown towards Constance. He began to cry, a terrified wail just barely escaped from his lips before the badger grabbed the boy, holding him to her chest and muffling his cries. Claire was frozen in place as the human growled at her. "You heard me,

take your goddamn pants off now." She shook her head. "I'm not going to take my pants off you god damn per-" In an instant, Claire felt her left bicep explode with pain. An intense pain radiated from the point of her injury all throughout her body. She fell over, gasping for breath and clutching the new wound on her shoulder, feeling warm blood trickle from an open wound. Her heart beat at an intense speed, threatening to burst out of her chest if it went any faster. The world seemed to melt away as her focus was directed entirely towards her injury. It was as if someone had lit her arm on fire, her injury burned with a searing heat, she swore it was smoking. There was something inside, lodged within her torn muscles. A foreign object which protested even the slightest twitch of the meat it was surrounded by, threatening to cause more damage if she dared to move her arm again. It was now that she realized she had been shot. As she refocused her attention back to her surroundings, staring up at the blond human was holding a smoking carbine. His face contorted into an expression of pure rage as he re-adjusted her aim, pointing his weapon squarely between her eyes. "I'm not fucking around bitch! TAKE IT OFF NOW!" Claire shuddered as she held her injury, slowly getting to her knees as she whined at the pain. Pain she thought she would never have to feel again after she was gifted. She looked at the bullet hole in her arm, watching as the crimson red fluid soaked her sleeve. The rich scent of iron and gun smoke filled her nose, warning her that she was in danger. Adrenaline flowed through her body as instinct screamed for her to do something! Action had to be taken to avert her untimely demise and she had to act! Yet, Claire could do nothing as she looked around at the guns that were trained on her. She had been so confident she could take a bullet but all it took was one round to put her back in place. There

was nothing she could do but comply. That or run and get shot the moment she even tried to take a single step. These men clearly didn't care if they killed her. That was the point. Claire reached down and grabbed her belt buckle, fumbling with the clasp. She wanted to believe that at any point, someone else would object to this treatment. Better yet, maybe Jackson would burst out of the woods and gun them down before they could even react. A knight in shining armor that would take her away from this place. However, all hope of escape faded from her mind as her pants fell down to her knees, revealing what she was hiding underneath. A thick, semi-erect cock and a hefty set of balls behind a pair of thin panties. Her dick bobbed in the cold air, uncaring of her predicament as it unashamedly throbbed, waiting to be shoved into a warm hole. Horror and anger filled their faces as they jumped away from her, pointing their guns and shouting incoherently. Claire could barely comprehend what they were saying as she looked at the others. They were shocked as well, eyes wide and mouths agape with horror. Constance clutched the crying fox kit closer to her chest, whispering something to the boy. There was a hint of disgust and shame in the badger's eyes, probably revolted by the fact she let Claire get so close to the boy. The fact that she trusted the red panda enough to hold the kit. Soon enough, Brone turned his attention to Maria, pointing his gun at her and threatening to shoot her. Claire still had trouble picking up the conversation but it was clear what was happening. They believed Maria had to have known about her condition. Jackson knew it for sure which meant his superior had to know as well. In the minds of the males, there was only one reasonable explanation. She, Jackson, Maria, and Charlie were working together, conspiring to bring about the end of the Commonwealth and the fall of mankind. It wouldn't matter to them if the accusation was false. It

wouldn't change anything if there was proof to the contrary. There had to be retribution for their fallen countrymen. Someone needed to pay for the atrocities their enemy was committing and now, here was an agent saboteur and her comrades. In the eyes of their soon to be executioners, they were all guilty. The punishment? Death. The males moved into action almost immediately, forcing Maria back to the ground with a hard kick. Then, Claire was grabbed by the scruff of her neck and unceremoniously dragged away from the prisoners. She let out a high pitched scream as the male threatened to tear her fur out by the root, forcing tears into her eyes but they ignored her cries as they carried on. Her pants dragged on the floor, the sound of the belt buckle rattling before they were eventually torn off, leaving nothing but a thin set of panties to cover her. When they got to where they wanted her, she was thrown against a tree. Turning around, Claire saw Brone and the blond human lined up in front of her while the other two males watched the remaining captives. Claire realized what was going to happen. She was going to be shot first as an example to the rest. Then, it was either Maria or Charlie... Then Constance... Then Rodger. A low whimper escaped her throat. This wasn't how it was meant to end! She didn't want to die! She was just barely able to croak out. "P-p-please! Don't do this! I'm not an enemy! I didn't hurt anyone! You can't do this!" "ONE." Claire wanted to run but her body remained hopelessly rooted in place. It was as if her legs were suddenly made of lead while at the same time, they threatened to dissolve from right under her. Both of the limbs trembled uselessly as adrenaline coursed through them, readying her for the fight to come but

fear kept her from doing anything meaningful. She couldn't figure out what to do next. Her arm no longer hurt and she could no longer feel the blood trickling from it but it wouldn't change anything. Even with the gifts, none of it would help if they riddled her body with bullets. All she could do was raise her arms as tears streamed down her face. "TWO!" In an instant, the world seemed to slow as the word left Brone's mouth. Her life flashed before her eyes as she recalled a lifetime of memories in an instant. Pleasant times surrounded by friends and family. Places she had been to and the things she had done. Sounds and sensations went through her in an instant and yet, she couldn't feel anything. It was a loud blur, with only some bits and pieces of memories managing to claw their way to the top of her subconscious but even then it wasn't enough. That was until she focused on Jackson. Her dog. Her lover. Her knight. He didn't judge her or hate her for what she was or what she had to do. That German shepherd accepted, loved, and forgave her. Now? He was probably dead. As much as Claire didn't want to imagine his death, the image still came to her anyway, compiled from everything she had seen. The sound of him screaming as his girlfriend ripped him in half or swallowed him whole. The sounds she would make as she rearranged his insides with her cock or crushed his head between her fingers. Claire realized just how foolish it was for her to think he could survive. All this time, from Wolfcreek to Elkins, he had been lucky. Everything had aligned in some way which let him barely make it out of his bad situation. But his luck had run out. His number had come up and it was her turn now. Claire shut her eyes as she whispered to herself. To Jackson, wherever he was now. "I'll be with you soon Jackson..." An eternity seemed to pass by as she waited for Brone to shout three. She anticipated the sound

of gunshots followed by the sudden pain before an eternity of silence that would take her. Her body would crumple to the floor where it would soon be joined by the others. Bullet holes in their chests and heads, faces frozen in horror and pain. They would cry and scream for mercy but their pleas would fall on deaf ears. This was it, this is how it would end for them all..... But it didn't come. The end didn't come. He didn't manage to count to three. Brone stopped for some reason. In fact, now that she was listening, she was hearing screaming again. Both male and female. Claire opened her eyes and the moment she did, she gasped in awe at the sight before her. There were giantesses all around, circling the clearly. They blended into the darkness so perfectly, they looked like shadows that had come to life. The men had turned their attention away from the prisoners, now focused on the enemy in the woods as they formed a defensive circle. Shining their flashlights into the woods, they caught glimpses of fur among the trees. Eyes glinted in the beams of light along with sharp fangs, menacing and evil. A tense silence passed over everyone as they huddled together in their respective groups, readying themselves for the worst. The males had their backs to each other, guns pointed into the darkness as they held their breaths. The prisoners huddled closer together, ears perked as they looked into the darkness, helpless and afraid as they whispered among themselves. Claire felt herself starting to hyperventilate as she collapsed to the floor before slipping her gas mask off, desperately trying to get more air in her lungs. She had seen what the giants were capable of. All of them had. Before, she felt invulnerable as she crept up on an unsuspecting and sleeping foe before tearing her apart. She had been the underdog overcoming impossible odds, standing over a slain Goliath and basking in the sunlight. Now, she and the group were on the defensive, completely caught off guard and surrounded by a pack of them. The figures in the dark watched them, waiting for

someone to panic... Not like it mattered anyways. The giants could easily charge into the clearing instead in one all out assault. After all, none of the peashooters the men had could actually hurt these giantesses. Claire looked back at the males, wishing they had killed her. It would have been a mercy compared to what would come next. They continued to circle around the camp, a few calling out to the males as they mocked them. Some of them even stood out in the open, making rude and suggestive gestures which made it clear what their intentions were. Some would even step out to openly masturbate, smiling at the men before they darted back behind the trees. The males kept their weapons trained on their hunters but it was obvious they could do little about their situation. The two humans maintained stoic looks but their guns trembled in their hands. Brone's tail was tucked in between his legs and his ears were folded back as a whine threatened to escape his lips. The feline was shaking like a leaf, his slit pupils were dilated and he took in deep, ragged breaths as he frantically looked around. His eyes eventually focused on a break in the circle of predators. A gap between two of them is just large enough for someone to run through without being grabbed or jumped. It was an obvious trap, meant to goad someone into believing that there was some hope when in reality, it was simply more fun for the giantesses to chase some live prey into the darkness. It was only a matter of who would break first that was the question... The cat screamed, throwing his weapon down and dropping on all fours as he made a dash into the woods. His light gray coat disappeared into the darkness as he sprinted away, trying to escape even as a few of the hunters went after him. Brone shouted for him to return but it was useless. As soon as the cat was swallowed up by the darkness, a blood curdling scream sounded out in the same direction, followed by a howl of victory. With their attention on their fallen comrade, a coyote ran into the clearing at the brown haired human. While she was a good ten feet tall, her paws barely made a sound

or disturbed the leaves as she lunged for him. He didn't even realize she was there until she grabbed his wrist with one hand and with the other, crushed his shotgun, letting the pieces drop to the floor uselessly as he struggled in her grasp, kicking and screaming, unable to gain any leverage. The blond human raised his pistol at the coyote which she grabbed his comrade, his mouth opened as he prepared to yell something. However, nothing would leave his lips as an orange tabby pounced on him. The giant feline's body slammed into him with such force, a loud crack could be heard as his spine was snapped in half. He crumpled to the ground under her weight, unable to scream as she pressed down on him. Brone looked around as a wet stain formed between his legs, turning this way and that for a way out. However, there was nothing he could do except impotently aim his pistol and fire blindly into the woods. The giantesses in the clearly paid him no mind as he fired with reckless abandon. Bullets cracked against trees as the muzzle flash from his gun was reflected off wide eyes and grinning teeth. His pistol clicked dry in a matter of seconds. He released the clip and fumbled about in his belt for a fresh one but before he could grab a new magazine, a trio of vixens had snatched him up, their paws grabbing his limbs and restraining him. They were quick to disarm him, ripping the pistol out of his grip before they tore off his clothes, letting the strips of fabric fall to the floor. He screamed with terror as he tried to struggle in their grip, unable to do anything as they began to fuss about who would play with him first. The rest of the predators came out of the woods. A Jackal and a maned wolf sauntered over, focusing their attention on the females and the kit as they crouched down in front of them with grins on their faces. A mink stepped into the clearing, her muzzle soaked with blood which she casually licked at her lips, savoring the taste as she cleaned her fur. Each one of the giants laughed, danced, and hollered as they celebrated their victory. Those that had captured their own males eagerly looked down at their prizes, licking their lips. The brown haired human and Brone screamed in terror, pleading for

mercy as they struggled against the hands that held them in place. The blond human remained still, gasping and wheezing weakly as his body occasionally twitched in the tabby's arms. The mink walked over to Claire, stopping and leaning down to look at the cowering red panda. Panic flowed through Claire as she realized what would happen. She wanted to protest or bargain with the giants but she couldn't. The words couldn't even leave her lips as they lodged themselves in her throat, threatening to choke her unless she swallowed them back down. The giant's icy blue eyes were focused on her, cold and scrutinizing as they scanned every inch of her body. This one was examining her, appraising her like she was some slab of meat. It didn't help that the mink's muzzle was drenched in blood. Each time she exhaled, a gust of air was sent into Claire's nostrils. It smelled like the poor cat, the rich scent of blood and fur tinged with fear. Opening her mouth, the mink showed her teeth to Claire, letting the red panda stare into a void full of sharp, pearly white teeth. Claire winced and closed her eyes, waiting for the giantess to do it. To take a bite or pick her up before tearing her head off. She let out a quiet whimper as she hugged her legs even tighter. That was until a deep chuckle erupted from the giant. Opening her eyes, she looked up and saw the giant was covering her mouth with a hand, trying to contain her laughter. "My goodness, you really got the short end of the stick didn't you? Emphasis on the short." Claire stuttered. "W-w-w-what are you talking about?" The giantess stood up and extended a hand to Claire. The gesture shocked her and she had to wonder if this was some sort of cruel joke. She had never personally interacted with any of the

giantesses and what little experiences she did have were violent confrontations which ended with someone getting hurt. Of course, Claire wasn't one to refuse the gesture. Considering the fact the person offering the hand was probably a mentally unstable maniac, any offense could easily be met with swift and brutal retaliation. Thus, the red panda accepted the helping hand, letting the mink hoist her to her feet before she was gently set down. Claire hardly felt any discomfort from the interaction. Her helper was gentle and even with the bullet wound in her, she barely felt any pain. The giantess smiled at her. "My name is Elizabeth. What's yours?" Swallowing the lump in her throat, Claire took a moment to look around. Now that she had time to process her surroundings, she realized the band of giantesses surrounding her were... Rather mellow. Of course, the ones who held the captured males continued to make crude gestures and outright masturbate but the others were sitting idly by making small talk. The ones that had cornered the prisoners seemed to be casually conversing with the women despite the fact they were clearly terrified. Not to mention the fact all of these giantesses were wearing makeshift clothing unlike the others they had run into. Togas made from banners, improvised skirts made of various blankets, canvas material that had been woven into foot wraps, and bras clearly stitched together from curtains. They looked like a group of tribals, amazonians straight out of some erotic story a male would salivate over. The mink snapped her fingers, making Claire snap out of her thoughts. "See something you like?" Claire felt her face heat up and she quickly waved her arms. "What! NO! I'm just... Surprised." Raising her eyebrow, the mink sat down cross legged in front of the panda. "Oh? How so?" "Well... This is the first time we actually had a conversation with uhh...." Claire struggled to

search for a term that wouldn't offend the oversized mink. "The giants. All this time, they were extremely hostile towards us." Elizabeth nodded. "Yeah. I would imagine. Most of the females we've run into were either very territorial or completely feral. We found it best just to avoid them and move on." Claire twiddled her fingers together as she tried to figure out what she was going to say. This was certainly the strangest conversation she ever had after all. She was face to face with an enemy of the Commonwealth. Someone who was hell bent on destroying everything, what could she even say? "What's going to happen to us?" "We're not going to hurt you if that's what you mean... Well, aside from the toys of course but I don't think that's a huge loss for your group considering they were about to kill you all." "Toys?" "Yeah. That's what we're calling the males now. Its the new term for their kind." The mink looked at her nails as she said this, casually picking the dirt out of them. "We fuck them, break them, and move on as intended." Claire gawked at the way this mink just so nonchalantly spoke about the subject. Males just being designated as.... Slaves? Sex toys? Pets? She had to admit, even though she felt the same sense of superiority over males as these giantesses did, by no means did she want to degrade them to a simple... Objects that could just be thrown out. Then again, that's what the world was turning to. "Well.... If

that's the case. Why are you here? There aren't exactly a whole bunch of males here, surely it's more convenient to head to a town or a city?" Elizabeth tapped her finger on the ground, digging a small hole with her claw as she sighed. "I'd be willing to tell you if you told me your name first. That way I would have a way to address you." "Oh! I'm Claire." Satisfied with the answer, Elizabeth smiled. "Well Claire. If you must know, we're actually here for two reasons. One, we're on our way to Brightwater. We heard over the radio that's where most of the others in the region were gathering." "The radios are working?!" Claire exclaimed before immediately covering her mouth, realizing she had just cut the giantess off. "Sorry." Elizabeth waved her hand dismissively. "It's quite alright. Anyways, yeah. The uhhh... Our side got the radios and TVs working again and they're telling people to get together so they can announce what happens next. Originally, we were meant to gather in the capital but that's right out of the question." Claire cocked her head. "What happened in the capital?" "Well... For starters, it's nothing but a radioactive crater now. The former president ended up nuking it to keep it from falling into our hands. Detonated it right as they broke into his bunker."

Claire let out a startled gasp. "Wait! It's all gone!?" "Yep. It's all gone, along with Senator Greenlay." Elizabeth nodded solemnly, closing her eyes as she sighed before continuing. "She was meant to take over as president of the New Commonwealth but with her death... That responsibility now falls onto Senator Koda. She's been trying to reach out all across the territories to get people organized. I'm not sure how well she's doing considering most areas are in total chaos but rebuilding has to start somewhere." "What about everywhere else?" "That's the problem isn't it. Much of the country is still on fire. Quite literally I might add. Some spots are so ravaged by the fighting there's nothing left except burnt rubble and ash for miles. In others, there are still hold outs that have been launching missiles or sending out bombers to attack us. Even the cities we thought were secured aren't safe. One moment its quiet and the next, we've got a mob of toys with molotov cocktails and pipe bombs coming out of no where." She growled as her claws dug into the dirt, carving deep marks in it. "It's only a matter of time until that's all sorted out now. We've got them on the run but until the professional military deals with them, we've being told to avoid the conflict areas unless we really want to join in the fight." For once, Claire felt like she had some grasp of the bigger picture. This wasn't just some random attack by some unknown group who intended to plunge the world into anarchy. Someone was trying to change the way the way society was structured was on a fundamental scale. To build a new world based around whatever this was. All of this had to go somewhere or what would be the point?

Who would toss away civilization in favor of returning to an even more savage version of the old ways? There wouldn't be much of a point to that. "And.... The second reason?" Elizabeth gave her a toothy grin. "Well... The second reason why we're here is because we're looking for a... Mate of ours. His name is Jackson Walker. He's a German Shepherd about..." She held a hand above the ground which was approximately about as tall as the canine in question. "This tall? Has the standard colors and patterns of as one of his species but its somehow more boring." Claire's eyes widened when his name left her lips. Just, who was this woman and why did she know Jackson! Why were they looking for him anyways!? Did he gain an ugly following of scorned ex-girlfriends who were intent to kill him? Was he the type to start a harem that was thinly disguised as some kind of social group? He didn't seem like the type to just fuck because he could. He didn't act like a selfish and callous asshole but then again... She only just met him. Claire found herself nodding even though she had reservations on telling the truth. After all, she still wasn't sure if knowing the male was a good or a bad thing. "Yes, I- We were traveling together after he escaped Wolfcreek... Why?" "If you must know...." The mink paused, sniffing the air before smiling warmly at Claire. "Actually, I believe you already know. I can smell him on you after all. Tell me, were you the one on top or was he?" "I was the one fucking him." Claire blurted out before covering her mouth. The mink slammed a fist into the ground as she howled with laughter, shaking the earth and causing the bones inside the little red panda to vibrate. "Oh! Wow!" She wiped a tear from her eye as

she steadied herself. "I'm glad to hear he's still as submissive as before. I was afraid his time in the military would take that away from him but I guess not!" Shaking her head, Claire waited for the giantess to stop before she bothered to speak. "Wait, I don't understand. He's just one male. There are plenty of others like him out there, why bother with him?" Elizabeth's laughter died down as she let out a small chuckle. "Sure, I suppose you're correct. We've broken in plenty of toys on the way here. Left them as wet sopping messes on the ground for any stragglers but Jackson... He's special." A dreamy look overcame the giantess as she traced a finger in the soil, drawing a circle. "We've all been with him. Long before the war, we made him into our boy toy and... Well, we have a bond with him that just can't be replaced with any cheap slut we find. He's a one in a million type of male." "So... You're all his... Girlfriends?" The mink shook her head. "Nah, that implies we're sticking with the human definition for relationships. No, we're his pack members." Claire cocked her head in confusion and Elizabeth let out a sigh. "It's... Complicated. Calling it a harem implies that it revolves around one person with everyone underneath serving them, the pursuit of pleasure being the ultimate goal. This is more of a polyamourous relationship but there's a defined hierarchy with loyalty towards members of the group being a top priority. Sex is a part of it of course but love is more important than anything. It's what holds us all together. Makes us strong. Otherwise, it's just a thinly veiled orgy with no real meaning other than some cheap thrills."

A cold bead of sweat broke out over Claire as the significance of this relationship dawned on her. She had fucked Jackson! Would they kill her for having sex their pack member? Or would they hurt him for accepting her advances and showing her love that was definitely not permitted by their arrangements. "So... Jackson... Did... Are you going to hurt him for having sex with me?" Elizabeth smiled at her. "Of course not. Normally, I would punish him for fucking someone without our blessing but.... It would be rude to let a fellow female like yourself go without satisfaction. We can look over it but we're going to need to... Talk about it if you know what I mean." She emphasized her point by reaching under her tenting skirt and tugging at her hardening member. "If you'd like, maybe you can join us." "I... I can?" "You seem like a good person and Jackson took a liking to you. If the others agree to let you in, you'll be accepted as one of us with open arms. It's not just exclusive to canines." She directed Claire's attention to the other non-canine member of the pack, the orange tabby who was casually talking to the coyote, laughing at the brown haired human's cries of despair. "Just look at me and Trish. Everyone is welcome to join regardless of their species or size." Claire felt her face heat up at the thought of having sex with Jackson again. While she was slightly disappointed he wouldn't be exclusive to her anymore, the thought of him being shared among all of them... Somehow made the concept even hotter. She imagined him servicing all the giants in turn, doing whatever they wished willingly and eagerly. They would all kiss, hug, and fuck tirelessly all

through the day and late into the night until all of them exhausted before they would all cuddle together and fall asleep. They would bathe in the musk and nuzzle into the warmth of each other's bodies before they would do it all over again the next day. She imagined herself as a part of that life. A proud member of a group that was held together by something that transcended their physical bodies, species, and minds. A deep rooted instinct encoded in living beings to stay together. They would love one another and stand united in the face of the changing world, side by side. A loyal dog and his masters. "I... I want to be a part of that." Elizabeth smiled. "I'm glad to hear it. When our last member comes, we'll all get formally acquainted. For now, you should get that wound dressed. I doubt we can get sick but better safe than sorry." Then, the mink stepped away and walked over to her friends and joined them as they toyed with their victims, pressing them to their hardened members and saying horrible things to them. Each one of the males wailed in terror but could do little as they were subjected to the humiliation. Claire pulled up her pants, redoing her belt before walking over to her original group. They looked at her with what was clearly fear but at the same time... There seemed to be a modicum of relief in their eyes. As Claire sat down near them, they seemed a bit hesitant about being around her but there wasn't much they could do about it. The exception however was Constance who clutched the kit a little tighter to her chest, whispering something to him as he sobbed and whimpered. Claire looked at her arm which, while still bleeding a little, had become a dull sensation rather than the burning hot pain it was a few minutes ago. Claire looked at Constance... Then to Maria. The lynx had managed to slip her cuffs but now, she was staring at the red panda. There was intrigue in those slit eyes of hers. A thousand questions

buried underneath her hard exterior but Maria wasn't the type to just start blurting things out. She observed. Learned. And waited. Claire pointed at her gunshot wound. "Could you... Help me with this please?" Maria sat there for a few more moments, her nub tail swaying behind her as much as it could before nodding quietly. She reached over to the medical bag and pulled out antiseptic and gauze. Looking at the injury, she quickly applied some of the alcohol to a patch of gauze. "I'd... Try to take the bullet out but I have no idea if it's hit a major artery." There was a slight pause before she began to dab the wound, trying to soak up the blood. The second the alcohol soaked gauze touched her arm, Claire hissed in pain. After a while of cleaning the injury and dealing with Claire's groans, Maria paused as she looked the injury over once more. Then, she turned to Constance. The badger flinched as soon as her eyes met the lynx's. "Do you think it's safe to remove the bullet in her arm?" The badger looked between the red panda and then corporal. For a moment, she seemed like she was going to bolt in terror with the tiny fox kit in her arms, not knowing or caring where she ended up as long as it was far away from this wretched place. However, she pushed her fear down and scooted herself closer towards Claire, shielding Rodger behind her. The kit whined as Constance got closer but the badger just hugged him a little tighter and kissed him on the top of his head, cooing to him softly. She looked at Claire's injury, squinting at it as she took one of her hands off the cub and reached for the wound. Inspecting it closer, Constance sighed. "The bullet didn't go through which is odd but given your new body, I assume it's probably normal. I don't think it did any serious damage because it appears to have stopped bleeding entirely and you can still move your arm around without too much

hassle." She sighed as she rummaged around inside the medical bag for some tweezers and gloves, handing them to Maria. "I would prefer to do this in a hospital but it's safe to remove the bullet so long as you don't squirm." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Claire sat by herself a few feet away from the other unchanged females, feeling her bandaged arm. She felt like a stranger among all these different people and it wasn't just because she didn't know them that well. Sure, she was no brute like the giantesses who happily cheered and fucked their prisoners, but neither was she like the women and the child they who huddled together in a terrified ball. No matter what, her body was now the problem. She was too small to be like a true giantess. And too.. Disfigured to be normal. She looked back at the giantesses again as they continued to ram their cocks inside the men. They had included poor Annikin now. Despite the fact the tiger was comatose, they didn't seem to care. Rather, they gripped his stomach and used him like a flesh light as they massaged their shafts with his insides. Despite the fact they had invited her to join in, Claire had declined stating that she wasn't feeling well enough to join in. They accepted the reasoning of course but called her a cuck instead. It didn't matter anyways. Claire needed time to think. She turned back to the others. All except Maria visibly recoiled with disgust each time something squelched or tore in the writhing mass of the orgy. The lynx was dead silent. Though her lids were partially swollen shut, her dead eyes were still visible through the swollen lids. Maria and Charlie had slipped their masks off earlier, deciding that they would be dead or turned soon enough anyways. Constance kept hers and Rodger's on, adamant that it was better they be safe than sorry. Nobody pushed her on the matter. They all knew why she wanted to keep her mask on so badly.

Claire's ears folded back as she looked at her claws once more, imagining them coated with blood or wrapped around some poor male's neck as she strangled the life out of him. It sickened her when she thought about it, and realized that was the life waiting for her if she chose to join the pack. They too weren't any different from the rest of the women. Just because they decided to spare one male didn't make things right or add nuance to them. It was simply the fact he was a favorite toy they wouldn't break as fast. They would go through the effort of preserving him for as long as possible, prolonging his suffering. That was the life he wanted to avoid. He didn't want to be a slave or a pet, Jackson made it clear that he was ready to kill himself if it came to that. Even if he didn't have a chance to take his own life, he would grow to hate them all for what they had become. The love that she was promised would shrivel up and die right in front of her because it would be trapped in an inherently one sided and cruel relationship. What would become of Jackson then? Would he become a walking corpse with no passion in his life to carry on? Would he turn into a rabid animal that snarled and tore at anything that got close to him? Or worse... Would he still have just enough life and soul in those hazel eyes of his to wordlessly ask her why? Why would she do such awful things to him when he did nothing but give her the love she wanted? She shut her eyes and clenched her fists. No. She wasn't a monster. No matter what, she wouldn't let herself become like them. She wouldn't change herself just to fit into this new fucked up world. This wasn't a pack. It was a farce! An ugly creature wearing the skin of something that was genuine and warm. It wouldn't matter what they would say or promise. Actions spoke louder than words and right now, she was staring at a bunch of horrific beasts that were getting their practice for the main event when Jackson would be brought to them. They didn't love him anymore! They wanted to toy with his heart!

Claire looked back to the females. This time, their eyes met and for the first time, they didn't avert their gaze. It was as if a mutual understanding had been reached between all of them. The simple act of not joining in the orgy had told them that she wasn't at all like them. However, there was still some discomfort among them and they clearly didn't want Clarie to sit too close to them. She didn't blame them for their mistrust. Thus, she moved closer to them, taking a seat nearby so they could talk in private but not so close that they would feel uncomfortable. There was a tense silence between all of them before Constance spoke. "I'm sorry about Claire. That was rude of me and uncalled for. I didn't mean anything by it... I was just afraid." She averted her gaze, unwilling to look at the red panda in the eyes. However, Claire was not offended. In fact, she would have found it strange if Constance did. It was obvious now why she was so afraid. That little kit was all Constance had left. Even though that child was not her own flesh and blood, he was everything to her. As far as Constance was concerned, Rodger was probably the only fragment of innocence left in this world. The last beacon of light in a sea of darkness which threatened to swallow him up unless she protected him. He was something she needed to guard and hold onto. Otherwise, she would forget why she kept struggling against these impossible odds and dragging them both through hell. He was the most important thing in the world to her... Claire nodded. "I understand Constance. If I were in your shoes, I would feel the same way. I..." She paused for a moment as she let out a deep, shuddering sigh. "I know what its like to lose a loved one too... I wouldn't expect anything less from someone like you. You're a good person." An awkward silence passed over the two but it was probably for the best. A mutual understanding had been reached and now, it was time to move on. If they lingered on the matter,

someone would have been liable to get emotional or do something foolhardy. Charlie on the other hand was another matter. She seemed to be more nervous than usual. Her ears flicked in agitation as she stared at the giantesses. Claire knew better than to probe the hyena but at the same time, her nervousness was slowly bleeding into the rest of the group and they all started to feel twitchy. Thus, the red panda let out a small cough, breaking the hyena out of her trance. "You... Alright?" Charlie opened her mouth to say something, her maw opened but she stopped as she looked back at the kit, then at the men. There was a pause before she quietly shook her head. "No, I'm not. I..." She closed her eyes, trying to find the right words to say before letting out a weary sigh. "I'm not a bad person, I didn't think it would become like this. I didn't... Oh god why..." Claire cocked her head in confusion. "What do you mean?" "I... I sabotaged the defensive effort at Wolfcreek. I'm working with the enemy!" The second the words left her mouth, it was as if something cut through the silence that had a stranglehold on the group. Charlie sat there, panting as tears began to leak from her eyes. "I'm not any more! I swear! I didn't mean to hurt anyone! I just. I wasn't thinking straight when I joined!" Constance's eyes widened as she hugged Rodger closer, scooting back from the hyena. The hyena reached her arms out, trying to stop the badger from moving further but the act just prompted Constance to hug Rodger even tighter. Maria's ears perked up but she didn't react otherwise. She was probably waiting for the hyena to start explaining herself. That or she was taking a moment to process this newfound information her own way. Claire could only look at the hyena as a flurry of emotions went through her mind. On one hand, she wanted to kill Charlie. She, unlike the monsters that were

raping the men just a few feet away, had no excuse. She wasn't forced against her will to become something that was grotesque. Somehow, this woman had managed to justify the genocide and all the atrocities that were being committed. Within her was the manifestation of everything obscene with this new world. The a product of bitter and evil women. However, Claire needed answers. There obviously wasn't an explanation the hyena could possibly produce that would satisfy her, but at least she would know why. Charlie sniffled as she took in a deep breath, trying to recompose herself enough to tell her story. "I... When I was working as a deputy for Wolfcreek. I was treated like shit. I was the only woman in the entire department and everyone there was always so patronizing to me. Always making advances towards me or downplaying the work I did. Even the townsfolk barely respected me for what I did. I was really depressed and it got so bad to the point where my psychiatrist had to start giving me antidepressants just to make it through." She coughed, looking down at her shaking hands. "One day... I received a noise complaint about some strange sounds coming from an old warehouse a few weeks before the attack. I got to the scene first and when I went inside..." She swallowed a lump in her throat, coughing as whatever happened in that warehouse played out inside her mind again. "I saw a lot of men. People that had gone missing days back. Some of them were my friends and even a few of my colleagues were there. I personally went around hanging up missing persons posters for each of them. Among them all, there was this giant that was fucking them. Eating them. That giant was my psychiatrist." A chill ran through Claire's spine as but she remained silent, letting the hyena continue. Her expression provided neither judgment nor comfort to Charlie who continued to sputter out her story. "I swear, I wanted to do something about it. I may not have been on the best of terms with those people but at the same time, I knew they didn't deserve that. But I got

spotted and... She invited me to join her. She understood how I felt, she knew how men had ruined my life and she promised that there were great changes coming for the world. That... There were people like her who wanted to lift women like me up from male oppression. Make the world a better place." Claire snorted in disgust, causing the hyena to flinch. Charlie looked at the red panda but Claire didn't give her a way out. She simply glared at her, nodding for the hyena to continue her story. Clutching her legs tightly to her chest, Charlie barely maintained control over herself as she continued. "She manipulated me. Used everything she knew about me to convince me to join her. I reported the area as all clear and then... I went back inside to watch. I even joined her as she snuffed those poor people out. They were crying and screaming, begging for mercy but at the time, I didn't care. I felt good and I even got a fake tooth full of growth serum for my collaboration when another agent came back" She opened her mouth and pointed at a canine in the back of her mouth. It looked exactly like a natural tooth but upon closer inspection, there was a tiniest seam which ran across its tip. "After that, I spent the weeks leading up to the attack luring men into her lair so we could deal with anyone who could threaten the attack and keep her satisfied until the day the attack began. When the army occupied the town, I seduced a few guards so that our agents could sabotage their gear and I even supplied a few captured agents in the jail with additional vials of the growth serum. Everything was going to plan but then I realized what I was doing." Charlie shuddered as a hoarse cough left her throat. "Jackson. He snapped me out of that daze I was in. I tried to lure him too but he rejected me... The look he gave me. It was the same look I used to give whenever my fellow officers made passes at me and I forgot why I was doing what I was doing." She looked at Maria. The lynx gave her nothing but a cold, blank stare which forced her ears back and caused her to shrink down. "I wanted to tell the soldiers what was going on so they could stop the

attack but by then, it was too late. The agents popped their capsules and detonated their bombs. All around me, I just heard screaming and fighting everywhere. I just watched as the giants tore those soldiers and innocent people apart! I wanted to fight back and help but I got scared and... I just ran with the other civilians, trying to get away from there as fast as possible. I hoped I could redeem myself at Riverside but..." She turned back to Constance and for the first time, there was hate and anger in the badger's eyes. Her lips curled up in a snarl and her ears folded back, hackles raised in preparation for a fight. "Don't look at me you fucking murderer!" "I'm not a killer! I-I..." Charlie broke down, crying and sobbing as she fell over and curled up into the fetal position. "I'm sorry!" She repeated it over and over again as she bawled on the ground between wet coughs and whines. Claire couldn't help but feel the slightest tinge of pity for the hyena but it was only for a moment. Even if Charlie truly did regret what she had done. Even if she was coerced into helping the enemy, it didn't excuse her actions. It wouldn't change the fact she was a cold blooded murderer who had massacred dozens of her own friends in an attempt to gain power. Constance turned away from the hyena, muttering something to her kit while Maria just sat there and stared for the longest time. Her expression was still unreadable but then, a sudden spark of life flashed in her eyes. Sitting up and walking over to the crying hyena, Maria put a hand on her shoulder. "Come on. Get up." Charlie's crying momentarily died down as she looked back up at the Corporal. The lynx's gaze had softened a little but there was clearly some other emotion hidden in her eyes. Grabbing Maria's

hands, Charlie held them to her forehead, a gesture of forgiveness. "I never wanted any of this! I never wanted to hurt kids or tear apart families! Please!" "I know..." Her response was soft and sympathetic. She pulled the hyena up and rested her head on top of Charlie's. She purred softly as she stroked the hyena's head. "It's going to be okay." Charlie buried her face into the lynx's chest, her crying muffled by Maria's soft fur. The corporal then took Charlie under her arm and began to walk her into the darkness of the forest. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- There was an absolute silence between Claire and Constance as they waited for something to happen. Constance nestled Rodger in her arms, rocking him gently in tune to the sound of a lullaby which she softly hummed through her gas mask. Claire had busied herself with Maria's radio as she tried to listen in on anything that was still out there. Anyone who could give her an idea of what was going on. Though she wasn't entirely sure how to work the device, she was confident that turning the dials would eventually yield something. Even then, she was just about ready to give up as she cycled through the different frequencies. Most of what she listened to was static but occasionally, she would pick up garbled voices which were too distorted to make out anything useful. She wasn't certain if Maria's military radio could even pick up civilian frequencies but it was worth a shot. Maria came back, a bloody knife in one hand and a small white tooth in the other. She slumped down against a tree and stared at the tooth in her hand. Her gaze was fixated on the tiny little thing as if it held all the answers to life's mysteries. Claire couldn't tell what Maria could have possibly been thinking at that moment. Did she plan on using it on herself? Transform into a giant so that she could

enact her revenge on the enemy for her fallen comrades? Or did she plan to simply hand it over to what was left of the Commonwealth so the scientists could develop a counter agent that could win them the war? Regardless, Claire wasn't certain she wanted to know and in this case, she knew enough not to ask questions about it. They all kept to themselves while the giants continued, though they were slowly waning as they used the poor men up. A few of the smaller females lounged around and idled about as they chatted over the bloated form of their victims. None of the poor men were moving or breathing, every orifice in the body was leaking cum and they looked more akin to water balloons than actual people. Even then, that didn't stop some other giantess from picking them up and thrusting into them again. Claire shuddered as a partially wet squelch echoed through the clearing, forcing her back into making sense of the radio. "Which channel are you looking for?" The red panda jumped up as she scrambled to keep the radio from dropping to the floor. The little green box continued spouting static as she caught it and clutched it tightly to her chest. Maria had spoken to her, the lynx's voice eerily calm and soft. The lynx stared off into the forest, her fingers dancing over the sharp canine in her hands as she contemplated something. Swallowing a lump in her throat, Maria offered the radio to the corporal. "Anything really. I'm just trying to find out who's still left?" The lynx pocketed the tooth and took the radio as she began to fiddle with the dials. "Everyone is dead Claire. Even those poor bastards at the airfield are as good as dead. There's nowhere left to go. Nothing left we can hold onto."

"I mean, even if that is the case. I would prefer to know what's going on out there... Well, at least something more specific than everything is going sideways." Maria shrugged before turning the dial. Claire couldn't help but scoot closer to the lynx, trying to listen in. Soon enough, something came through. However, it wasn't what they wanted to hear. It was the broadcast from their enemy. They didn't want to listen as their foe gloated over the channels about their great victory over the tyrannical males. Their words of hate and malice as they promised any males that were still alive that they were only prolonging the inevitable. It hurt, every time they turned the channel to listen to another female voice espousing the same manifesto against men. Maria's breath quickened, she bared her fangs at the little radio as if it was her true enemy. However, they eventually found something. It was faint at first but as Maria tuned the radio, it became apparent what was playing. "The Commonwealth anthem?" Their ears perked up at the sound of the music playing through the radio. It was an orchestral rendition of their anthem but it still held its meaning even without the words. The women found themselves entranced by the music, listening to the sounds of violins and horns play over the backdrop of military drums. The song itself did paint an image of war but that wasn't its entire focus. It was also about brotherhood, forgiveness, and looking towards the future. The Commonwealth had been born out of conflict. A time in which the new and the old world clashed, humans and anthros fighting each other for what they perceived to be their land. Parents buried their children, brothers fought one another, and entire bloodlines were wiped out in a brutal conflict that spanned several years. Claire didn't know Commonwealth history that well. She didn't know all the various battles that took place where or what happened exactly, but she did remember the story of how

it ended. In the last days of the war, a human army and an anthros army had met in fertile Bluewater Valley. For four days, they fought against each other. Cannons tore up the earth, the forest was ravaged, and the rivers that flowed through the valley ran red with blood. It was said that at the height of the battle, the bodies had piled so high that the soldiers were using their dead comrades for cover as they tore away at each other like rabid animals. Eventually, they stopped fighting. They were sick of the bloodshed and horrified by what they became. Despite their differences, their blood was the same color as well as their suffering. Thus, they called a ceasefire and the leaders met in the middle of a valley where miraculously, one final tree stood. There, the Commonwealth was born. Now, that history was being erased. All the blood that was spilled to foster a nation where humans and anthros could live side by side was wasted. Claire felt a spike of pain shoot through her body as she imagined all the people who died to create this country and the ones who tried to preserve it. Millions of people who struggled in vain and soaked the earth with their blood being covered up by the people they wanted to protect. People that would no doubt corrupt that history to demonize those men and make it so that the accomplishments their or struggles were meaningless. The music eventually ended and it was replaced by a voice. The voice of the former president. They all leaned in to listen closer as the president took a shuddering sigh before he began. "My fellow Commonwealth citizens. Today, an overwhelming enemy force has taken over our capital. Many of my colleagues are dead and those who are not, have either turned their back on our nation or are suffering a fate worse than death. The treasures of our nation have been lost, the testaments to our struggles have been so callously destroyed. This will be my final address to you all." In the background of his speech, there was the sound of something banging against metal, heavy and harsh as it reverberated through his room. Despite this however, he remained calm and composed. "To those of

you still loyal to the Commonwealth, those who are still alive and fighting, do not despair. So long as you live, the heart of this nation will never perish. Within each of you is the spirit of the Commonwealth. Your ability to love and persevere will ensure the survival of our nation in these trying times." There was a pause as something metal tore in the background, screeching followed by a loud thud. Shouts were heard followed by gunshots. Over the radio, they could hear the president run as he dragged his radio alongside him. His ragged breath barely above the commotion. "And to everyone else around the world, friends and foes of the Commonwealth! I address you all, not as the president of the Commonwealth! But as a fellow man! We cannot afford to be at each other's throats any more! If we are to reclaim what is lost and preserve all that is dear to us! Then we must unite!" There was more shuffling before the president came to a stop, gasping for air as the electronics beeped and whirred in the background. "The future is uncertain and dark. But, one day, the sun will shine upon our faces again. And when it does, we all will walk side by side one another, hand in hand into the light." The transmission cut out and went to static before, the anthem began to play once more. Maria sighed. "Oh goddess..." She shut her eyes and covered her face, a deep wet cough escaped her lips and a tear threatened to escape from the corner of her eye. Quickly wiping it away, she shook her head. "At least he managed to send a message out to everyone before it was over. That's more than most people get... Goodbye Mr. President." She saluted the radio before she turned the dial and began to search for another frequency. This time, a french voice came over the radio. Constance perked her ears up as she listened to it before she began to translate. "Our homes have been lost. The people are being butchered by the ones we thought

we could love and trust. Unfortunately, many of us will not survive this new world. But those who do, I hope you all will one day be able to forgive these women. Many of them cannot control themselves. Please do not blame them for what they do. But to those enemies of ours. The truly hate filled and twisted people that did this to us. I do not know what could have made you into monsters. But I hope one day, you can reclaim your empathy." The three women listened as the message repeated itself again. Constance turned to the others. "How... How are we receiving this message? It shouldn't be possible.... Right?" Maria shook her head. "No. This radio isn't that powerful, it shouldn't be powerful..." Her eyes squinted in thought before her ears perked up and a smile spread across her face. "Unless someone in America is receiving these signals from these other countries, and broadcasting recordings made of them!" Claire cocked her head in confusion. "Why would anyone do that? I mean.. It's nice to listen to all this but at the same time, its not exactly giving us any information we didn't already know and that's assuming we can translate." The lynx, for the first time ever since they met, she chuckled. It was a mirthful and lively noise which seemed to brighten the forest a little as she clutched the radio to her chest, hugging it tight. "Because we haven't lost yet. There are people still fighting and trying to band together! Their

messages needs to be heard so those who are struggling know they aren't alone! There's still something left to fight for! A reason to go on!" The dial clicked again and a German could be heard speaking into the radio. Maria translated this time. "The duty and honor to defend your nation is understandable. However, we can no longer afford to do so. All we can do now is survive and preserve our nation. The life of every male left in our great country is a piece of our history we can not afford to lose. Forgive your brothers and stand by one another. We must all do our part to ensure the memory of our nation will not be forgotten. No matter what, we must hope that one day, no matter how far away it is, we can rebuild our homes. Do not go quietly into that good night." Again and this time, someone speaking Japanese could be heard. They kept cycling through the various radio stations listening to messages from all over the world. From their besieged capital cities, ships out in the sea, or pilots that were still flying, they sent out their last broadcasts. Messages from dying nations to their people. To the world. Messages of sorrow, forgiveness, encouragement, and hope. Each of them, even the ones they could not translate, gave them something. Orders to preserve the memory of their nations and to never let go of their humanity. To love one another and look beyond the petty lines in the sand that had divided them for so long. To defend the honor of their nations and survive. Claire almost chuckled as it dawned on her, that all the world needed to unite was an apocalypse. Maria shut the radio off, letting it drop to the floor as she cupped her hands in her face. It first began as a few sobs, but then it became wails as she openly cried into her hands while at the same time,

great bubbly laughs escaped her throat. There was strange mixture of happiness and sorrow in her cries as she finally let all her emotions out. Claire almost had to do a double take as she witnessed the corporal break down, it was just so uncharacteristic to see her exhibit any emotion other than anger. Constance shuffled over to the lynx and wrapped an arm around her shoulder and even Rodger broke his embrace with the badger to hug Maria. She returned the gestures, holding onto both of them and crying into the badger's shoulder. Claire stood there, awkwardly but a nod from Constance told her that she was allowed to join them as well. So, she did, wrapping an arm around Maria and nuzzling her. The lynx received it all, holding them all tight. It was warm, loving, and accepting. Claire let out a small sigh and rubbed her head against each of them, sharing their scents. In that moment, nothing seemed to matter. Not the war, not their species, nothing. In that instant, they needed each other. They all needed to be comforted and held by someone like them. A lynx with no country left to fight for, a fox that lost his family, a badger that was surrounded by suffering, and a red panda who no longer fit in. In that moment, in that big hug, they were all the same. Despite all their struggles, they weren't alone in this battle. There were thousands, probably millions of people like them all over the world that were still making a stand. In the end, while the giantesses had crushed their nations and their loved ones, they couldn't destroy their spirit or hope. The group didn't even notice the thundering footsteps coming towards them... ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Special thanks to SpookyAfterMidnight for helping me proofread.
