Jackson could tell he was alive, though he was lightheaded as he remained somewhere between consciousness and sleep. He felt himself being carried, albeit at a slow and steady rate as those who were carrying him did their best not to drop him or jerk him around. He attempted to twist his body to see who was moving him but he couldn't. His body refused to respond to him and his head was pulsing with an unbearable rhythm. There were people talking, though Jackson couldn't understand a thing they were saying. It was as if he was underwater, only hearing muffled noises resembling voices as they raised and lowered in tone. With the greatest amount of effort he could muster, he opened his eyes and saw people, about a dozen individuals sitting around a fire and many others standing idly about. A few of them were talking quite excitedly between each other and some of them were sitting huddled together, talking to each other in hushed, quiet voices. However, a majority of the people just stared blankly at the fire, as if they were hypnotized by the flickering flames. The light hurt his eyes and he forced them shut. He needed a little rest. The feeling of motion ended as the two individuals carrying him stopped. He stirred but his eyes remained shut, he was still sluggish and feeling weak. There was the sound of a female voice, it was a soft but authoritative tone that was clearly directed at the two individuals carrying him. He was laid onto the forest floor, softly and carefully as he felt someone step closer, his right eye was then forcefully opened by two fingers and a light was shined in for a moment, blinding him before it was removed. There were spots in his vision but he could still see the silhouette of a woman as she knelt above him and faced someone else, talking to someone just out of his vision. He could barely make out the conversation. "You can't talk to him right now. Yes, he is conscious but barely! He needs rest!" A gruff and very angry female voice responded to the comment."For fuck sake, are you kidding me! He's

the only other soldier here that's not high on morphine or a fucking vegetable! I need to talk with him now!" "No!" "God damn it. A few minutes won't kill him." He saw someone enter his vision and shove the gentle voice stranger away. This person then grabbed him by the fur on his chest and pulled him up into a sitting position, causing him to whimper at the sudden pain. "Get up!" The loud voice made him shrink back and he groaned, now his head hurt even more. He shut his eyes again and this time, finally fell asleep. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- When he woke up, Jackson felt the air starting to warm up as the birds announced the beginning of another day. Between the throbbing headache, sore body, and uneasy stomach, his mind was quite foggy. His memories of the battle, the drive,and the ambush swirled in his mind as he tried to remember what happened. He opened his eyes and saw he was in the woods staring up at the blue sky, laying on soft sleeping bag. The smell of the woodland air filled his nostrils while the morning sunlight streamed through the trees as the sun rose in the east. Jackson sat up and saw that he was surrounded by other people, most of whom were in civilian garb. They were all sleeping on whatever they could. The ground, cots, sleeping bags, and on top of each other, wherever they could stay warm. There were twenty people in total, sixteen of whom were adults and four children. Though none of them were military personnel, Jackson did notice a few individuals who stood out from the rest based on their attire. He took particular interest in a gray furred male timber wolf in road leathers and a female red panda in a firefighter garb.

That was when Jackson noticed he wasn't wearing anything aside from a set of boxers that weren't his. His clothing wasn't anywhere nearby and he looked around the camp in a vain attempt to find it. As he did so, he caught sight of two females, a badger and a lynx, talking to each other. The badger was wearing dark blue paramedic uniform but the reflective strips had torn off. The lynx was wearing a green camouflage military uniform, the insignia on her shoulder indicated she was a corporal in the marines. Nearby, there was a little fox boy who wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt. He was playing with a toy car, making engine noises with his mouth as he rolled the toy across the forest floor. Jackson couldn't hear what the two females were saying but they did seem like they were having quite a debate on something. Before he could get up however, a very familiar voice caught his attention. "Hey Jackson, you're finally awake." Jackson turned around and saw Charlie standing behind him, looking a little worse for wear. He tried to get up but she held her hands up, trying to calm him down. "Wait, Jackson. Don't, freak out alright. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday. Can we just talk?" He frowned but didn't try to escape as she knelt beside him, her ears splayed back. "I know I shouldn't have been so forceful. I..." She scratched the back of her head, avoiding eye contact with Jackson as she tried to think of something to say. "I don't know what came over me. What I did was inappropriate and I really wish I could undo that." Jackson's ears folded, uncertain if she was being genuine but he didn't back down. He sat up and faced her. "It's alright. Honestly, I was just surprised." She cocked her head in confusion. "Really?"

He nodded. "Yeah, what you did was... I know that hyena women were the dominant ones in their relationships but when you grabbed me, I didn't know how to react. Why did you even do that?" Charlie paused for a moment as if she was about to say something before stopping herself, turning away from Jackson. "I don't want to talk about it." Jackson shrugged and extended a hand to her. "Fair enough. Let's just move on from it. After all, I think we have bigger things to worry about." Charlie nodded and eagerly took his hand, shaking it before calming herself. "I still can't believe what I saw yesterday. Part of me still thinks this is like, some horrible dream I still can't wake up from." "I can't believe I survived. The bastards hit us so hard and so fast, its a wonder we even managed to get some people out." She nodded. " I barely managed to escape of the precinct when all hell broke loose. Those things, they just kept coming. We did our best to hold the line but in the end, they were just too strong." She paused, her ears folding back as a tear came to her eye. "I don't think any of my colleagues made it out." Jackson put a hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her. "I'm sorry Charlie. It must have been hard to lose everything." She sniffed, backing away from him. "You better go talk to the Corporal. She's the one in charge here and she needs you to help her."

He nodded, deciding not to push her any further on the matter. "Thanks Charlie. Honestly." She didn't even acknowledge him as she walked off to another part of the clearing. Jackson could only shake his head as he started to walk over to the two women. The sound of twigs and leaves cracking under his feet alerted the the kit to his presence Jackson. The boy quickly jumped up and hid behind the badger, clinging onto her leg. The badger gasped and turned to Jackson with surprise. "Who- Oh, it's just you. Jackson Walker correct? You shouldn't be standing up right now, you were in a serious accident." She walked over and tried to push Jackson back to his sleeping bag but he shook his head and slapped her hand. "No! The two guys I was with! Where are they?" The badger cocked her head in confusion. "What do you mean? It was you and that-" She froze up, as if something she was about to say would offend him. Jackson tried to think back to what happened after the ambush but his mind kept drawing blanks. He then realized why the badger was so hesitant to say the truth. "Oh, right... Just tell me if they're dead or not. I can handle that news." This badger was now looking very concerned and she held up three fingers. "Mr. Walker, how many fingers are I holding up?" "Three. Look, can you just stop beating around the bush and tell me if they are okay?" She nodded as she began to look him over, inspecting his head for any damage. "Yes, your two friends are alive but they're both severely injured. Now, I would let you see them but I have to check if you are okay Mr. Walker."

"Call me Jackson, and sure... What's the problem?" "Do you remember what happened after you were ambushed?" "I..." Jackson paused as he tried to remember again but he still couldn't. No matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't recall what happened, so he decided to piece together what happened in the most cohesive way he possibly could. "I think I blacked out? I was in a pretty nasty crash after all. Must have hit my head pretty hard. Guess that explains the headache and soreness." She still looked uncomfortable and turned to the lynx who only glared back, pointing at her wrist as she walked away. The badger turned back to Jackson, letting out an annoyed sigh. "Alright, at least you remember something. Anyways, you want to see your friends correct? They're right this way. We moved them to a different clearing so they could stay warm." She began walking in the direction of another clearing with the little fox boy grabbing onto her pant leg and Jackson following close behind. He could see vehicles scattered about in the clearing but something was off. The badger continued. "Annikin and Brone survived but they weren't as lucky as you. Annikin had been shot and though the bullet only grazed the right side of his face, it still managed to destroy his eye. I did my best to patch him up but he's not exactly in the best of shape. Brone... Well, let's just say he might not... Make it." "What does that mean?" "When you crashed, Brone was thrown into the front, remember? He hit his head on your car's dashboard and it managed to crack his skull open. He's in a coma right now and there's no guarantee when he'll wake up and even if he does, it's almost certain he'll have complications because of the injuries."

"Is there anything you can do for him?" She shook her head. "I'm afraid not. I'm just a paramedic and going to a hospital isn't exactly an option right now. The best I can do is monitor him and keep him stable while we carry him to a proper medical facility." "What about Annikin? Will he be able to move and fight?" She nodded. "His depth perception is off and he appears to have some shoulder pains but for the most part, he is okay. I do recommend he abstain from strenuous activity as much as possible but aside from that, there's nothing I can do except administer pain medication and keep his wounds clean." Jackson nodded and started to take in his surroundings. There were approximately thirteen military and civilian vehicles which had been haphazardly tossed into a small pile, some of them had massive holes in them from the sniper's shots. Blood and bits of gore from unfortunate victims of the attacks covered the windows and sides of the vehicles, having long since dried and crusted over. A few vehicles, mostly armored military vehicles and APCs, had been turned into twisted and burnt out wrecks. These husks were sitting among the rest of the vehicles with their passengers locked in their seats, charred and contorted in various grotesque poses, with eyeless sockets staring off into nothingness. The unmistakable scent of death permeated the air and overwhelmed the smell of the forest, making Jackson feel sick and lightheaded. The badger motioned for the fox kit to go play near one of the trees a good distance away from the vehicles while she walked over to a white van and opened it. Jackson was immediately hit by a gust of warm air and when he looked inside, he saw Brone and Annikian resting a set of makeshift mats. The badger was right about them, they were hurt bad. Brone's breaths were shallow and barely audible, his forehead was completely bandaged and bloody, there were stitches along his cheeks, lower jaw and nose. Annikin was hurt just as bad, his right eye was covered with bandages. Unlike Brone however, Annikin was awake and noticed the door opening. He sat up and gave the two visitors a weak

smile. "Hey Jackson, you look fine all things considered." Jackson laughed nervously as he rubbed his sore jaw. "I got lucky... How are you doing?" Annikin looked at his hand, moving it in front of his face as he gauged the quality of his vision. "Well, as you might expect, half my vision is gone and my depth perception is completely screwed. Not to mention, I've got a killer headache. The only reason I'm not writhing in pain is because the doc gave me some morphine a little while ago. " "Do you need anything?" "Actually... I could use another shot of morphine. The dose the doc gave me is starting to wear off a bit and the pain is coming back." Jackson turned to the badger who shook her head. Jackson guessed she probably wanted to conserve medical supplies for emergency situations or when Annikin really needed it. He looked back to his comrade and sighed. "Sorry soldier, the doc says no." "Shit dude, tell her I need it!" The outburst startled him but Jackson maintained his composure. "Please calm down Annikin, I know it hurts but you need to bear with it. We only have so much morphine with us." Annikin let out a low growl. "Fine, but I better get a dose later." "Will do... You think you can do some walking today?"

"I guess, but don't blame me if I'm slow..." "I ain't blaming you for anything man. I'm just glad you made it out okay." "Yeah, I guess... Mr. Meathead here on the other hand hasn't exactly been doing too well. Guess that's what happens when you don't properly buckle into the gunner's harness." Jackson shook his head, disappointed with his comrade's negative attitude. "Come on Annikin, don't say that. He may be a dick but he means well, we can't go around insulting each other because of some small differences, especially during a time like this. We all need to stick together" "Whatever." The tone Annikin used was sarcastic. He clearly wasn't happy to be around the marine or being told to put up with it. Jackson let out an exasperated sigh"Annikin, if he wakes up, I need you and him to set aside any differences you may have and cooperate until we're in the clear. Got it? " "Fine... But if he pushes me too far, then you can forget it." Jackson shrugged and didn't comment on it. Clearly there was too much resentment within Annikin for him to simply forgive and forget but it was a good start if he is willing to cooperate. "Good enough for now I guess. Now rest up, I have a feeling we'll be moving out soon." "Yes, sir."

Jackson shut the van door and turned to the badger who stood back and looked at him with a worried expression. "I've been keeping watch over them and making sure their conditions don't worsen but it's been rather hard given the fact I'm not a doctor." Jackson nodded. "Thanks err... I never did get your name." The badger extended her hand to him which he accepted, giving her a firm handshake."My name is Constance Wick. I work for Riverside central hospital." "Well, thanks for doing your best, that's all these boys can ask for... Wait, what the hell are you doing all the way out here? Everyone is pulling back to Riverside." Constance frowned and let out a frustrated sigh. "I was in ... I was there trying to help the refugees when those giants managed to break through the defenses. The only reason I made it out is because that soldier, Corporal Maria Shepherd. She managed to get me and the little one on a helicopter and we took off just as the pad got swarmed. We didn't make it very far however and we got shot down just as we made it past the city limits. We were the only ones that survived the crash and were just barely able to hide before those soldiers came to investigate the wreck." "Are you fu-" Jackson's voice caught in his throat when he saw Constance's facial expression had shifted from sorrow to one of mild disappointment. Jackson then remembered the child nearby and quickly changed what he was going to say. "Freaking kidding me! We were heading to Riverside!" Constance sighed but didn't reprehend him for his language. "I know, your friend Annikin told us when he woke up."

"Did you see anyone else manage to leave the city? Any idea where they are headed?" She shook her head. "No... No, I don't think anyone got out. Everyone are refugees that came from the east. As for the second question, Maria said that information was classified and that she would only speak to you about it." Jackson slumped down and sighed. So many lives were lost, and all for nothing, His mission was a complete, and utter failure. The sacrifices made at Wolfcreek had been for nothing and his brothers, the ones he swore to fight alongside, were dead. He started to blame himself, for not doing enough to protect the people, for not upholding the promise he made to defend his country. Constance came over and put a hand on his shoulder. "Hey, I'm sure everything's going to be alright. You know what? I bet this whole thing will be over in two months and things will go back to the way they were." Jackson knew this war wasn't going to end any time soon or favorably but he let out a weak smile anyways to try and get her off his back."I'm fine... Just give me a minute. I just need to collect my thoughts." She nodded. "Just call me if you need me Jackson. When you're finished, find Maria as soon as possible." Jackson sighed and looked at the pile of vehicles. "Thanks. Tell her I'll be over as soon as I can." As she walked off, Jackson scolded himself again. He was supposed to be protecting these people! To give them a sense of security and hope in these trying times! He had to be strong for them, not the other way around. Jackson sighed and turned his attention back to the vehicles, wondering where he should begin his search. Most of the vehicles had unfortunately been destroyed along with the previous inhabitants and their

possessions. The individuals who had ambushed the convoys had done a thorough job in ensuring the people didn't have a chance to flee. That's when his eyes fell upon a destroyed m113 troop carrier. The vehicle had been totaled, the tracks had been blown off. There were burns on the bottom of the vehicle which indicated an explosive had gone off directly underneath the APC but it seemed mostly intact. Part of Jackson told him to not search inside the M113, fearful of what he would find inside. At the same time, he knew he didn't have many options so he carefully went forth and took a small peek inside the troop carrier, only to regret it immediately. The inside of the troop carrier had blast marks right where the vehicle's emergency escape hatch was located. The unfortunate troops closest to this hatch had been torn to bits, their limbs and guts splattered across the interior of the APC. The soldiers that hadn't disintegrated in the blast were butchered by shrapnel, their mangled bodies lying on the floor of the troop carrier where they had fallen. It was a dismal scene but Jackson shook himself back to reality and regained his thoughts, reminding himself that he needed to do this to survive. There were, fortunately, a few bodies which were mostly intact but their clothes had been ripped apart. All of them except for the driver whose chair had protected his body from the blast. Jackson walked in, tiptoeing around the pools of blood and bodies as he made his way to the driver's seat, lugging out the mutilated body of a fox. The top of his head was blown clean off and all that remained was his lower jaw along with the wet, soggy sponge of a tongue. Jackson looked at the soldier's name tag and identified him as Private Henry Dawes. He sighed, knowing what comes next. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson took one last look at the grave, dusting off his uniform before walking away. He had just finished burying the body of Henry Dawes in a makeshift cemetery the refugees had created, an act which took him a good couple of hours. Jackson knew that he didn't have time to bury Henry Dawes, but he did it anyways. He needed some time to think and he needed a break. Despite the fact he had been unconscious for the past ten or so hours, he felt drained. The entire time he was burying the body, Jackson was asking himself just who were they fighting.

Though it was quite obvious he had been fighting giants, it just didn't make sense. Someone had to be creating them and giving them all that hardware to overthrow the government. Equipment designed for fifteen foot hermaphrodites didn't just manifest itself out of thin air and the hermaphrodites themselves didn't spontaneously appear in an instant. Jackson went on to compile a list of enemies that would have been capable of launching an attack of this sort against the Commonwealths of American States. Whether it be the nations the C.A.S always had bitter rivalries with with or enemies the country had made in recent years. As soon as he began to recite this list, he had to stop himself as he realized just how stupid it was. Nothing he had seen lined up with his paranoid theories. It didn't make sense in the slightest why an enemy would want to create soldiers like these. Sure, they were powerful and efficient, their minds unclouded by morality or empathy, but it was obscene. They seemed to be more motivated by their sexual urges rather than any real commitment to an objective. The fact that he had managed to gun one of them down back at Wolfcreek was proof of that statement. This threat, whoever they were, was something entirely new and in the end, all he could ask himself was who could have perpetrated the attack and for what reason. As he walked away from the gravesite, Jackson checked over his gear one last time to make sure he was well equipped for whatever came next. What he got off of Private Dawes, in addition to the gear that laid scattered about, was essentially the same as before. The set of standard issue Commonwealth army fatigues along with a chest rig and helmet was about the same as what he had before. This, on top of all the gear in his newly acquired pack and he was ready to go once more. The only difference this time however was the M-16 and with under-barrel M-203 grenade launcher he choose rather the M-4 he was previously issued. It was abundantly clear that small arms fire wasn't going to be effective the against giants but perhaps 40mm H.E could do some damage. Despite the confidence he had in the grenades however, he doubted his ability to properly utilize them. He did have to admit that he wasn't the most proficient in the use of 40mm grenades and his training in their use was limited. He only had about five 40mm grenades so there wasn't exactly a whole lot of room for practice or error. As he made his way back to the camp, he saw several people in the pile of military vehicles, pulling out

bodies and collecting packs, a small pile of discarded weapons and ammunition had been laid out as the refugees salvaged any food, medication and other useful supplies they could find. Jackson was uncomfortable with the display but he sighed and reasoned to himself that they weren't taking any weapons so it should have been fine. However, as he passed by, Jackson noticed a massive fox tail poking out of a hole in the ground. Something he didn't notice the first time when he walked to the vehicle dump with Constance. Though he knew he didn't have the time, his curiosity got the better of him and he went over and to investigate. What he saw horrified him. There were two massive bodies inside the grave, one was a fox and the other was just a set of legs. The fox laid face up, or at least, what was left of her face was skyward. She had been badly mutilated, deep gashes covered her face and her lower jaw was just barely hanging on by a few strands of sinew. Her glassy and cloudy eyes stared up at the sky while the flies buzzed over it. At first, he suspected she had been caught in an explosion and the shrapnel had cut her up but that didn't make sense considering her wounds were mostly concentrated on her face. He then guessed it must have been some sort of bladed weapon, though he was unsure who would be crazy enough to attack a giant like this. The legs on the other hand were brown and it appeared that whoever it was died with an erection which was somehow still standing. The legs had evidence of charring along the top edges of where the lower torso would have been, as if an explosion had literally ripped whoever it was from the inside out. The smell was probably the worst aspect of the whole thing. While there was the obvious scent of blood and decay, there was something else there. A strong, musky and sweaty scent that radiated from the bodies. The smell was unnatural, giving an impossible level of power and lust for him to comprehend. It overpowered the pleasant smell of the forest, clouding his senses. The smell inspired fear in him, but it also woke something else up inside him. Something he couldn't exactly put his finger on. It made his throat tighten and his mind race with anxiety. He fell to his knees and vomited just in front of the hole, the rancid contents of whatever he ate last night spilling at the foot of the grave as he tried to get a hold of himself. When he finished retching, he turned around and ran away, the only thought in his mind was to get away from the bodies.

When he managed to get a hold of himself, he found that he had somehow wandered his way over to the Corporal's position. Maria standing in a clearing hunched over a table with a map on it. She scribbling furiously onto the paper with a determined expression, as if she was intending to set the map on fire. Jackson stood up straight and saluted. "Reporting ma'am!" She stopped writing and looked up at Jackson with a very disinterested and angry expression. "Your late soldier." "Sorry ma'am! I was-" "Yeah yeah, paying respects to your fallen brother. Listen, I respect the semantics but next time, don't do it when you got something far more urgent to. You've wasted most of the day already so get over here!" "Yes ma'am!" --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To Jackson, the situation could only be summarized in one way. They were fucked. No matter how they looked at it, there was no getting around the fact that they were in a very precarious situation. From what information Maria could have gathered on the radio prior to the signal cutting out, the military, for lack of a better word, had been completely obliterated. Most of the units were either completely destroyed, scattered or they had pulled out of the area hours ago. Now, the whole region was crawling with enemy soldiers. They had occupied many of the evacuation centers and strongholds, using them as forward operating bases as they blazed a path of destruction on their way to the coast. The enemy was also using the highways to transport troops and supplies all through the state and other contested areas, showing a significant amount of organization and coordination. What little pockets of resistance that were left were being mopped up and fracturing as the enemy continued to hunt them down. For what its worth, this commonwealth was gone and the neighboring

commonwealth were going to follow soon enough. Reports indicated a significant enemy presence seemingly popping out of nowhere in every major hold out location. One moment, a safe zone deep behind the front was reporting an all clear and the next, they're being overrun by hordes of giants. Though, one thing was certain. Staying put was not an option. Though they had plenty of supplies and what technically passed as shelter, they were way too close to the highway to stay hidden for long. Rescue wasn't coming and the best option to stay alive was to head east. While the enemy was going in that direction as well, there were a few factors on their side that would help them make the journey. The forested lands would afford them plenty of cover and the commonwealth was mostly dedicated to agriculture, meaning it did have a relatively low population density. Seeing how these giants seemed to be driven by their lust, odds were they wouldn't bother to stick around for too long in the more sparsely populated areas. It would only be a matter of determining the best path through so the refugees wouldn't accidentally encounter an enemy unit. Options were limited, that much was clear and as the two soldiers began to trace out a potential route they could take to hopefully get to the capital while avoiding as much conflict as possible. The first step in their journey would be to find their way to the city of Elkins which was just a few miles south of their position. From there, they would find a nature trail to hike through Monongahela National forest. After that, it would be a straight shot to the capital. It would be harder to navigate but it was far safer than dealing with an army of giants. Maria's face soured as she thought about the plan more, scrutinizing the map they had. Jackson could tell that she didn't like it but considering there were no other options and time was limited, she had to stick to it."It's settled. We'll get everyone organized and head south to Elkins." Jackson nodded. "Alright. Should I try to find the other soldiers?" She cocked her head, confused by the question. "What? You mean Brone and Annikin?"

"No- I mean, them too but I was talking about any other soldiers that were around, doing watch and..." Jackson heard Maria sigh and face-palm. It quickly became apparent that there were no other soldiers here. "Oh, I see... Shit." "Yep, that's the unfortunate situation we find ourselves in here. If there were more soldiers, I probably would break the group up into two so we would attract less attention but as you can see, we can't afford to take that risk. Especially since only about seven people out of this group of fifteen can handle a weapon and let's not forget that two of us are injured." "Fifteen? I thought there were more people that managed to escape from Wolf creek." "Yeah, there were thirty five people here but some of them ran off last night. Not sure why they would have done that but it does put us all at risk. If one of them gets captured, they might tell the giants we are here." Jackson took a look back at the map, specifically at the city of Elkins. "Hey Maria, did you hear what was happening in Elkins before communications got cut off?" She groaned and shrugged. "Not really, there was a lot of interference and the guy who was manning the radio was going fucking nuts. I think he said they were getting shelled but I'm not sure." "Really, the giants have artillery now?" "Yeah, something like that. I'm not sure because I definitely did hear the whistling of the shells but no explosions."

"What do you think happened?" She shrugged. "I couldn't even venture to guess. We don't know enough about our enemy to really draw conclusions on their combat tactics and weapons. Maybe they launched chemical gas into the city but I don't know." Jackson scratched his head as he began to think about the plan again. "You think they might still be in the city? Even after they shelled it?" "Yeah. That's why I'm worried about this shit. It won't end well but we don't have any other choice. We have to cross the mountains somehow and this seems like the safest option we have." She stood up and growled. "Get everyone organized and make sure they have enough supplies to make the trip. You got twenty minutes." Jackson nodded. "Yes, ma'am!" "Now hold up just one fucking second!" Jackson and Maria stopped as a new voice interrupted their conversation. Jackson turned to see a group of four men standing behind them consisting of a rabbit, two humans, and a cat. The humans were wearing woodland camouflage outfits, one had fair blond hair and one had brown hair. They were both armed with pumpaction shotguns with silver barrels and beautiful engravings on the wooden stocks. The cat was a thin and black domestic, likely a young boy who had just hit puberty. He was holding a sleek m24 bolt action sniper rifle that was way too big for him and wearing a beret that was comically large on his head. The rabbit, who had a mix of brown and white fur, was wearing a military outfit complete with a vest, and a rucksack filled to the brim with ammunition. He had a carbine with an under-barrel grenade launcher, obviously stolen from the dead soldiers and he scratched something on the side of the rifle. This sight of the bunny masquerading as a soldier and his

cocky sneer made Jackson's blood boil. The rabbit stepped forward while the boy shadowed him, both of the humans stayed where they were. "We're taking over this operation. Nothing personal, but it's clear that we can't trust women." Realizing what was happening, Jackson's hand reached for his pistol but he was quickly stopped when the boy raised his rifle and aimed it at him. "Don't move!" Jackson froze as his hand touched the grip of his pistol. The rabbit gave the small cat a pat on the back. "Atta boy! Why don't you two just lay down your weapons." He raised his carbine. "Slowly and step back." Maria and Jackson complied, setting their sidearms down on the forest floor followed by their rifles, taking a step back with their hands raised, hoping they wouldn't aggravate the rabbit further. Their weapons were quickly collected by the cat who snatched them up and laid them on the forest floor near the humans. The rabbit lowered his weapon. "Now then, I'm not sure what you were trying to do here cunt." He spat the word at Maria like it was venom. "But you ain't fooling us." He turned his attention to Jackson. "And you, you must either by pretty fucking stupid, or you must be collaborating with them considering the fact that you were just fucked by that squirrel and still have enough trust in you to follow some woman. My guess is the latter." Jackson cocked his head in confusion. What was the rabbit talking about? He didn't remember anything about a squirrel. Jackson glared at the rabbit, trying to contain the rage that was bubbling up inside him. How dare this shit bag claim he was a traitor! He wanted to yell at the man, to run and strangle him. But he knew better than to just run at someone who was holding him at gunpoint, negotiation was the only option. "I don't know what you are talking about mister, but let's just calm down here, we're on the same side!"

Maria added in. "Yeah, and do I look like some fourteen-foot tall freak? I ain't one of them!" The rabbit snickered. "You must think I'm pretty fucking stupid if you think I don't know about those drugs." "What?" "Don't play cute! Remember who has the gun here. Now tell me! What is your mission!" "My mission was to assist the refugees with evacuation and hold off the enemy threat!" "Bullshit! Stop lying!" Maria was now getting agitated, her ears occasionally flicked and her body had tensed up."I'm not one of them you retard!" The rabbit let out a terrifying roar as he leveled his carbine at Maria. Jackson knew the rabbit was going to shoot if something wasn't done. "You want to keep testing my patience?! You think I won't do it!" Jackson took a step forward, hoping to separate Maria and the deranged rabbit. " Please-" The sharp crack of a high power rifle split the air and an intense force slamming into Jackson's chest cut him off as he fell down onto the forest floor, gasping for breath. The cat had accidentally mistaken Jackson's attempt to negotiate as an attack and tried to threaten Jackson, only to accidentally pull the trigger and shoot him in the chest. Fortunately, Jackson's bulletproof vest managed to stop the bullet but he heard a faint cracking noise

where the bullet struck. The rabbit who was already on edge turned his attention to the cat who shrank back in fear as the enraged rabbit snatched the rifle out of the boy's hands and threw it to the side. The rabbit turned his own carbine around and hit the boy with the butt of his rifle, causing the boy to yelp as he tumbled to the floor, blood pouring from his nose. He snarled. "What the fu-" The sound of a pistol discharging quickly followed by a bullet hitting the rabbit in the temple stopped him from continuing his abuse. It passed through the right side of his head and out the other, bringing with it bits of gore and blood as it toppled the body over onto its side, revealing a pistol holster with a Glock 17. The two men with shotguns turned to face the attacker, raising their weapons and firing at a figure who darted back behind a tree. The blast of the shotguns was quickly followed by the screams of civilians as buckshot tore through the air, ripping apart bark and stirring up the leaves. Maria acted first, running forward and pulling the pistol out of the rabbit's holster with ease before kicking the blond-haired human in the back of the knee, causing him to fall over and drop his shotgun on the floor. This allowed Maria to grab him and put the pistol to his head, using him as a shield as she yelled at the other human who had already fired off 3 shotgun shells. "Drop the weapon and surrender! Now!" The human stopped, looking back at Maria with both surprise and anger. Jackson, who was winded by the shot and stunned by the sudden turn of events, was unsure of what to do. That was until he saw the boy crawling towards the sniper rifle. Jackson quickly ran over and snatched up the human's shotgun, ejecting a spent shell and aiming it at the boy. "That's enough kid. Don't make me do this." The boy gulped nervously and did as Jackson told him, spreading himself flat against the dirt. The human realized he was defeated and carefully laid the weapon on the floor, kicking it away before lying face down with his arms on his head. Maria addressed the shooter. "Alright! We're clear, you can come out now!" Charlie stepped out from behind a tree while brandishing a colt m1911 pistol, aiming it at the human

while she cuffed him. "You two alright? I heard the commotion and saw that bastard about to shoot you two!" Maria waved her concern off. "We're fine. Stop talking and make sure these fuckers don't try any funny shit." "Alright, geez. Calm down." Charlie pulled out a second set of handcuffs and restrained the second human, allowing Maria to step away and pick up her weapons. When Charlie moved to handcuff the cat however, he broke down and started crying, squirming about in her grasp as he babbled uncontrollably. She growled with frustration but didn't hurt the boy. "Stop moving kid! You're only making this worse for yourself." He refused to yield and continued to thrash about erratically. Seeing that she was having a difficult time dealing with him, Jackson set down the shotgun and held the boy down while she clasped the cuffs around his wrists and cleared her throat. "You all have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you or your compatriots in a court of law. You all have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. Do all of you understand the rights I have just read to each of you? With these rights in mind, do any of you wish to speak to me?" The boy's sobbing only intensified as he became more hysterical, pointing at the captured human. "Please don't hurt me! I didn't do anything to you! It was Wyatt! It was his idea! He said the women were planning on killing and enslaving us!" The blond-haired human growled. "Shut it Ryan or I'll fucking kill you!" "It's true! He told us that all the women had been planning an uprising and that they were doing this

because they wanted to rise above their stations!" Jackson rolled his eyes at the ludicrous statement, at first passing it off as some crazy sexist rambling while he tried to ran his hand over the spot where he had been shot. That was until he really started to think about what the rabbit said. His mind immediately went back to Wolfcreek as he recalled the women the army had detained. The syringes that were confiscated back in Wolfcreek had to be linked to this situation in some way. It must have been some sort of growth serum which allowed them to become those monstrosities. His mind began to slowly piece the situation together, his own speculations starting to fill in the blanks. It suddenly became clear how the giants managed to overrun defenses so quickly. It wasn't just because they were powerful, it was because they had infiltrators which were literally impossible to detect! He wondered just how many of them were embedded in the military, intelligence agencies and the government. What information were they feeding to their their leaders? How were they working in tandem with the invasion to sabotage evacuation efforts and undermine national security? Just how deep did this rabbit hole go? Jackson looked back at Maria and Charlie, feeling a sense of paranoia and fear taking hold of him as he asked himself an important question. What if they were the enemy? What if they were wolves in sheep's clothing as well? Maria turned back to him and glared, snapping him out of his trance. "What the fuck are you standing around for? Get your gear and get everyone organized! Those shots must have attracted those fucking freaks and I ain't sticking around to see what happens!" Jackson shook his head as he decided it would be best to think about it later. "Yes, ma'am! But what about these three?" She let out a low growl and stared at the prisoners. "Leave that to me, I'll think of something." Jackson nodded and ran to the pile where the cat had thrown their confiscated weapons, quickly picking

up his carbine and pistol before running off into the clearing which was now buzzing with activity. The civilians had been startled by the firefight and now were frantically packing up whatever they could. Dozens of them were already running off in every direction away from the gun battle. Jackson cupped his hands to his mouth. "Everybody remain calm and stop what you are doing!" Those closest to Jackson stopped, staring at him with scared and confused expressions. The others however continued to frantically pack their bags or run off, not heeding his words as he continued to shout louder and louder. Realizing he wasn't getting anywhere, he pulled out his pistol, raised it to the sky and pulled the trigger, letting out a single shot that instantly froze everyone in place. They all turned back to him, fear evident in their eyes as they raised their hands, however, a few continued to run off. There were only eleven people left in the clearing now. Jackson cleared his throat again and holstered his pistol. "Alright, everybody cease what you are doing now! Everything is okay! The mutineers have been detained and we are moving out soon! Just stay calm and get organized!" This seemed to calm them down. That was until a golden retriever came over and pointed at him. "Oh yeah? And where the hell are we going! Face it man! We. Are. Fucked! Those bitches are everywhere now! Nowhere is safe!" Jackson nodded and did his best to alleviate the stress of the crowd. "I know things look bleak right now, but we do have a plan and I can assure all of you we can make it through this so long as we all work together and stay calm." Another civilian, a raccoon, stepped up as well. "And what? Buy ourselves a few extra days under military protection? I think we're better off running into the woods and surviving off the land. Can't be that hard right?"

Then the biker wolf stepped up. "I ain't sticking around in some government camp and waiting for those freaks to come and get us and I'm not going to hide away in the woods! Those cunts wiped out my entire gang! I say we grab some guns! And kill them all!" Pretty soon, the whole clearing had erupted into a massive argument as people debated on the next best course of action. There were a few who remained silent as the argument raged on but the majority of the people were arguing on the best course of action. There were those who wanted to fight back and a few others who wanted to hide away. As the group continued to splinter, it was clear nobody was making any ground. They were wasting time and with all the commotion they had been kicking up, it was only a matter of time before they would be found out. Jackson growled with frustration as he attempted to pacify the crowd by yelling to no avail. He resorted to using his pistol again, firing a shot off into the sky which halted the conversation. "Alright! Everyone just stop and calm down! If you feel like you have a better plan and you want to leave, then do it! We aren't forcing you to stay here but at the same time, your safety will not be guaranteed! Your best hope of survival is staying with us and getting back with the rest of the military! We can protect you!" This fortunately silenced the group, however it didn't end the way Jackson had wished it to end. The raccoon had gathered a group of five followers, consisting of children and their mothers, and headed westward. The wolf managed to rally a three gun toting civilians behind him who eagerly chanted as they went to the north, yelling and hollering war cries as they went off. With them gone, the group in the clearing was now reduced to one other individual. The red panda firefighter. She stood there watching the two groups walk off, tapping her foot as her gaze switched between the two. However, Jackson was more focused on how many people were left. Jackson estimated about seven or so people had run off earlier in the panic. This, plus the ten that just left brought the group down to ten including him assuming Constance and her kit didn't run off as well. Jackson's ears folded back, knowing Maria was definitely going to give him an earful for not handling the situation better. As he reflected on his actions, the red panda set her kit to the side and walked over with a little sway in her hips, looking at him with an expression that told him she was unsure as to what to say. "Well... You tried?"

Jackson frowned and looked at the groups of people that were walking away. "Don't bust my balls alright? I don't know what I'm doing." "I ain't busting anything... I'm just saying you tried." "Whatever. Nothing I can do about it now." She nodded and both of them watched the two groups as they slowly disappeared into the trees. It was at this point Jackson noticed splatters of blood on her uniform and fur. She had clearly killed someone and he felt like he knew who it was. He coughed nervously. "I assume you were the one who killed that fox, correct?" She giggled and nodded. "Yep, that was me!" Her enthusiastic tone startled him. Though he didn't expect her to be so ecstatic, he knew better than to call her crazy. Perhaps this was simply her way of coping with the situation so he didn't acknowledge it. "Huh, so machine guns don't do it, but an ax does. Funny." She shook her head. "Nah, I didn't face her head on. I snuck up on her while she was sleeping and cut her vocal cords so she wouldn't scream before I-" Jackson waved his hands and cut her off before she could get more intimate with the details of her gruesome kill. "Alright, alright, that's enough. I don't need the details about what you did to her. I'm just impressed, that's all." Jackson offered her a handshake which she, without even hesitating, returned with a bone crushing hug, wrapping her arms around his and holding him tight. She was about three inches taller and freakishly stronger

than him. Not to mention the fact she was rather well endowed. He stood there for a few awkward seconds, confused by the actions of the red panda before he lowered his arm and did his best to return the hug. "Private Jackson Walker, Commonwealth army." She nodded and hugged him a little closer, unaware or uncaring of the fact she was pressing his face into her breasts. "I'm Clair Harper! Deanville fire department." They stayed like that for a few moments and Jackson, beginning to feel very uncomfortable, let out an awkward cough. The red panda smiled and looked down to him, using one of her arms to wipe away a small strand of drool which connected to his shoulder. "Sooo, what's the plan?" "Huh?" "I was listening to you and the other soldier talking about going somewhere. Where are we going?" Jackson's ears folded back as he tried to come up with something to say. "Oh, uhhhh... I'm not at liberty to disclose that information to you right now." She frowned and hugged him a little closer, pouting a little bit. "Awww come on. Just a hint?" "No ma'am. You'll just have to cooperate and have faith that we know what we are doing." She huffed and let go of him as she walked off. "Alright, fine. But I expect answers at some point."

"You'll get an answer soon-" "JACKSON!" He flinched and turned around to see Maria standing in the clearing behind him with a very angry expression. She growled. "What the fuck are you doing numbnuts! Get to it!" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Special thanks to Samaless, GCK(Tempelijaeger) , Zofia, ScaredGhost, Jay the Redpan and ReddyFish for helping me peer review this chapter.
