"Jesus, how many of them are there?" Maria clicked her tongue as the two watched a pack of the giants leave the city. The group, consisting of various species and sizes, all charging east into the woods. They were completely nude, running on all fours like a pack of feral animals. They trampled everything that got in their path, a few of the larger ones crushing buildings in their wake as they ran. "Fuck if I know. Twenty, maybe thirty at the very least. Jackson shuddered at the sight of it, watching as the giants cleaved through the forest, leaving a trail of decimated trees as they went. "Glad they ain't heading this way. No way we could ever hope to take on a pack of those things." She snorted. "I don't know if you forgot but we're heading in that direction as well." Maria rubbed the bridge of her muzzle and let out a frustrated sigh before looking back through her rangefinders. "We're going to need to revise our plan. We won't be able to use the nature trails to avoid the major highways unless we want to run into more of those things." Jackson nodded his head, peering through his telescope at the pack and returning his attention to the city, trying to see if there were any more giants left there. Though many of them had gone with the horde, a few lingered in the rubble as they continued to search for survivors. "I see at least two near the evac center and one in the park to the south."

He lowered his telescope and turned to Maria who was laid down on her stomach beside him peering through her rangefinder. She growled as she took one last look the city before lowering her binoculars. "Let's get back to the others and make a plan first. The giants will get bored and leave soon but the last thing we need are surprises." Jackson nodded, crawling backwards and standing up just behind the crest of the hill they were on, making sure to stay low as he ducked back into the treeline with Maria. After their rather hectic morning, the refugees had splintered into smaller groups, all headed in different directions. Some had gone to find their families and others decided to make their way to what their opinion of a safe place was. There was no guarantee of safety for anyone and frankly, Jackson was just glad to have been spared from any confrontations that day. With how bad the situation had become, he was surprised he didn't see a single giant over the course of their journey. Their small group of refugees had spent hours trekking through the wilderness, avoiding the roads and making use of the forest for cover. Their journey had been free of any close calls but it was no less difficult. It was hard for the people to keep up with the soldiers and deal with the rough terrain. Not only that, there was also the fact they also had to carry the comatose Annikin on a stretcher. While this task was relegated to the prisoners, the group had to constantly stop and rest. This agitated Maria greatly but there was nothing she could do to keep them moving. Despite the hiccups along the way however, the group eventually made it to Elkins, or at least what was left of it. They had seen the city before they even got there. A wispy pillar of smoke rising over the trees and a thin layer of white ash on the forest floor as the sun began to set to the west. While the group rested, Jackson and Maria had gone ahead to scout out what they were walking into. What they saw didn't exactly give them a whole lot of hope. The city had been razed prior to their arrival.

While the smoke had cleared and the fire had burnt itself out, ash rained down over the surrounding environs, painting the landscape a whitish gray. There was nothing left but rubble and the charred husks of buildings. The parts of the city that hadn't been burned by the fire appeared to be heavily damaged, either from bombardments or from the giants themselves. Among the rubble, Jackson could also see what was left of the army's attempts to fortify the city and their resistance. Prefabricated barricades which had been torn apart and smashed, military vehicles that were perforated with holes and burnt, an evac center with dozens of tents which lay silent and dilapidated. The worst of it however was the bodies which lay in the street. Though he was too far away to see them properly, he could tell many of them were normal people. It made him wonder whether the white on them was really ash, or something else entirely. When Jackson observed the aftermath of the battle, he couldn't help but feel a small sense of relief knowing he had narrowly escaped a similar fate at Wolf creek, even if it did come at quite a cost. Before, he could only imagine what happened to the poor people who were either left behind or captured. Now, he was going to see it first hand. The two made their way back to the clearing where the rest of the group was resting from their walk. It was a small group, consisting of the people Jackson had already met in addition to the three prisoners. It was a horribly put together group and he knew it. One comatose, one injured, and three in custody. The odds of them reaching safety were already slim enough and now, they were crippling themselves with dead weight. Not only that, the group lacked cohesion and it was barely held together by Maria's force and authority. They had nearly gotten into arguments several times over the course of their walk and had to stop talking just so they wouldn't attract attention to themselves. The only thing holding the group together seemed to be fear and circumstance. Their numbers only giving the illusion of safety rather than actually providing it. Charlie and Annikin were standing guard over the group in the absence of Maria and Jackson.

Charlie stood near the edge of a clearing, scanning the woods as she clutched a Remington-870 close to her chest. Annikin was in the middle of their group, clutching a pistol as he watched over the prisoners. Constance tended to him, replacing his bloodied bandages with a set of fresh ones while Roger played patty cake with Claire. Brone laid on his stretcher nearby, still in his coma. Jackson let out a quick whistle, getting the attention of the group as the two entered the clearing. They looked at the two soldiers, worry in their eyes as they waited for the news. Maria broke it to them. "Well, the city has been completely destroyed. Most of it was burnt to the ground and what's left... Well, let's just say our odds of finding gas masks or survivors aren't very good. The only plus side is that the city is mostly abandoned. There are a few stragglers left but they're vacating the town and heading east. I reckon the giants have no reason to stick around because there's literally nothing left for them there. No food, no people, no shelter, and gear that's too small for them." Jackson nodded. "If we wait a little longer, they'll probably all leave by the time we do go in and they'll be far enough away to the point where we won't have to worry about noise" He turned to Maria who was looking in the direction of her city, scratching her chin. Circumventing the city completely was a valid choice and the safest option for the group. When someone mentioned the chemical gas attacks however, the group realized only Maria and Jackson had packed gas masks and extra filters prior to leaving the camp. Despite the risk the gas attacks posed on the group, there were those who were against the idea of going into the city to search for gas masks. The city had only fallen a few hours earlier and now that it was confirmed there were giants still in the town, it would be hard to convince anyone to go in there. They all knew what would happen if they got themselves caught. Not to mention the fact that a massive fire had just raged through the city and there wasn't exactly a guarantee any equipment would have survived the inferno. Others however stated that

finding CBRN gear for everyone was essential for everyone, even if their intentions were to avoid major population zones and stick to the countryside. After all, the last thing they needed was to be caught in a chemical attack unprepared. Maria let out an exacerbated sigh as sue turned back to the group. "I want to search the city for gas masks. That's final. Two people will take the masks we have now, and go look for the gear while the rest of us will go around. We'll meet up on the other side." It was decided now. Two people were going to have to risk their lives and go into the city. A feeling of unease passed over the group as they began to dread Maria's next words. Ears splayed backwards, tails tucked in between legs, and a few were visibly shaking as she turned around. "Jackson and Claire will go into the city to search for gear. Claire is the only one who knows the city well and Jackson is combat ready. I'm sure you two won't have to fight any of those things but I don't want you to get your hopes up. We have no idea what these things are capable of." Some members of the group let out audible sighs of relief while a few others remained silent. Jackson's throat tightened at the idea of going into that city. His mouth felt dry and his legs were weak. He knew this was going to be picked and he resented that fact. Maria was too valuable to send on a mission like this because they needed her expertise and leadership. Annikin and Brone were in no condition to fight. Brone's comatose condition was an obvious reason why he couldn't do anything and Annikin was on pain medication which rendered him unreliable. Charlie was in charge of managing the prisoners and the prisoners themselves would never carry out a task like this willingly. Constance and Rodger definitely couldn't fight and the group wasn't going to send out someone with life saving medical skills or a child into the field. Claire on the other hand was a rather reasonable choice. Her skills as a firefighter and her training would let her keep pace with him and she was strong enough to do some heavy lifting as well. The fact she knew the city layout was just icing on the cake.

Jackson nodded as Claire got up from her game of patty cake with Roger, coming over with a quick hop and a skip. "So! When are we moving out?" Maria looked at her watch. "You two will move out at nightfall. If the giants have vacated the town, then you two will go and check it out. Otherwise, we'll just have to find a way to make do with what we have. Keep in touch over the short wave and do not mess up. Our group is small enough as it is, we can't afford to lose more people" Claire let out an eager squeak, her enthusiasm confusing Jackson as she turned to him with a grin. "Finally, some action!" Jackson turned to Maria who simply shrugged. "It's not as bad as you think Jackson. You'll have plenty of cover and you know where to look. You'll be out of there before you know it." He sighed and Claire gave him a hearty slap on the back, knocking the wind out of him. "Come on Jackson! This will be fun! I'll show you all the sights and-" Jackson cut her off with a wave. "We're not here to sight see Claire, we're here to pick up supplies. And how are you so happy about this? I mean, don't get me wrong. I like the glass half full attitude but it's not doing much good if the glass is just full of piss." Claire shrugged and tapped his helmet, playfully nipping at his ear as she walked past him. "Thinking positive, got me where I am. Don't be so tight all the time. It helps!" Jackson groaned and sat down with his back against a tree, unclasping his helmet and setting it

on his lap as he finally let his feet rest. He was finally glad to have a few hours to relax before he had to get back to work. Letting out a sigh of relief, he looked around the clearing, just taking in his surroundings. Constance had finished tending to Annikin, and was now sitting on a log nearby with Roger. He rested his head on her lap, trying to sleep while she soothed him. Maria had relieved Charlie of her post, watching over the prisoners as the hyena deputy went off into the woods to relieve herself. Annikin was sitting beside Brone, trying to get some sleep as his morphine took effect. Jackson closed his eyes in an attempt to rest. However, he was interrupted by Claire who sat down beside him, her tail playfully brushing against his. Turning to her, she smiled at him and held his hand. "I know things seem bad right now, but I'm sure you all will be able to turn around in no time! Heck, when this is over, I'm going to take you to a bar I know of, my treat!" Jackson shook his head. "I don't really drink." She giggled and patted his head. "Well, then I'll drink and you can eat my nuts." He cocked his head and turned to her. "What?" She smiled innocently at him, looking a little confused."I said I'll drink and you can eat the nuts. What did you think I said?" He mulled it over for a second before he shook his head. "Nothing, I must have misheard or something." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson and Claire reached a bridge at the city limit, stopping at a destroyed military roadblock

before they entered. Claire stood close by on watch while Jackson rummaged through a smashed humvee, searching for any gas masks or extra weapons. There weren't any bodies inside the vehicle but there was plenty of evidence it had been used. Dozens of spent cartridges and empty ammo boxes laid in the back of the humvee. The M-2 browning machine gun itself laid a few feet away, crushed like a tin can. To say the whole place was wrecked was an understatement. There were thousands of little brass casings littering the floor, blood and bits of viscera spattered here and there, shredded clothes, destroyed concrete barriers, cum splatters and the bodies of the giants. There were dozens of them surrounding the bridge. Each one covered with large and small caliber bullet holes, some even missing limbs and covered with blast marks. Jackson could only imagine what had happened here when the fighting broke out. What it was like to be trapped, fighting desperately against an unrelenting enemy. The one sided orgy of violence and rape that must have followed when the men were lost to the giants. Strangely enough, the dead giants here were mostly unclothed, lacking any equipment entirely whatsoever. The attack at Wolfcreek and the ambush he survived demonstrated the giants were more than capable of launching coordinated attacks and used their own specialized gear to carry out operations. Here however, it was as if the giants just threw themselves at the barricade, either too confident or unfazed by the threat the troops posed. It seemed more like a suicide charge rather than the organized attack. Jackson shivered at the thought, unsure if he even wanted to know the answer as he tossed away an empty ammo can before leaving the humvee to rejoin Claire. She leaned idly against an overturned troop transport truck which had been crushed by the body of a giant bovine. She was mindlessly poking the body with the edge of her ax as she waited for him. Turning back to Jackson, she could see he wasn't having a whole lot of luck. "Nothing?"

Though her voice was muffled from the gas mask, he could still understand her. He nodded his head and shrugged. "They went through all their explosives before they got overrun. Anything that's left, we can't really use except for some pistols. You sure you don't want one?" Jackson leaned down to pick up a discarded belt with a glock 17 still holstered in it, removing the shreds of someone's fatigues as he offered it to Claire. She shook her head and pointed at it. "I'm good, I doubt that thing will do much against the giants and I'm not going to weigh myself down with extra gear." His ears splayed back as he thought about it. She did have a point there, a 9mm pistol wouldn't do much more than just annoy a giant. Jackson let the pistol go, letting it drop to the floor with a dull thump. "I guess you're right." Claire nodded but didn't say anything as she turned around, climbing on top of the body of an overgrown owl. "The hospital is just down the street. If we keep going forward, we'll reach it in no time." She stepped off the body and Jackson followed behind, rejoining her as they crossed the bridge. Jackson looked down at his feet, noting the footprints the two left behind in the ash but he he was confident they would be out before those tracks could be used to hunt them down. They walked past scorched brick buildings, charred rubble, and the skeletons of wrecked cars. Though the fire had burnt out hours ago, he could still feel some heat radiating from the rubble. He reached for his radio. "Corporal, we've hit the city limit and we're entering now. We'll be radio silent until we make it to the

other side or if something happens, over." His radio beeped and Maria came up on the other side. "I hear you Jackson, stay safe." "Copy that, over and out." He unslung his M-16, pulling the magazine out as he inspected the rounds inside before slapping it back into his gun. He motioned for Claire to get behind him as he walked on the right side of the street, using the buildings, or what was left of them, for cover. He turned to Claire. "Always stay on one side of the road and never walk down the middle. I know our tactics are geared more towards firefights but at least this way, we have some concealment and we can hide if we need to. Never walk in the middle, that's just asking for trouble." She nodded and followed Jackson, the two continuing down the street. Jackson listened for anything out of the ordinary but aside from Claire muttering incomprehensibly to herself and her breathing, he couldn't detect anything. Then, Jackson caught sight of something sticking out of a crater in the middle of the street. He raised an arm and motioned for Claire to stop moving which she did, ducking down as he unslung his rifle. "Hold here, I'll check it out." Though instinct told him not to approach it, he reasoned to himself that a quick peak wouldn't do any harm. Then, he approached the object and got a good look at it. It looked like a mortar shell, or at least something resembling it but it was way too big to possibly be one used by the military. He took a look at the scorched lettering on it and saw that it was a two hundred fifty millimeter gas shell. A product of Sincorp. His brows furrowed as he stepped back from it, neither recognizing the

manufacturer's name nor wanting to be near a piece of undetonated ordinance any longer. He walked back to Claire who was staring at him intently. "Well, what is it?" He pointed at the object. "Its some kind of chemical gas. It didn't detonate properly so its just sitting there. Whatever is inside, I really don't want to mess with it. For all I know, it could be sarin or chlorine or some other shit." "You think it's safe to take off our masks here really quick? This thing is super hot Jackson." Jackson shook his head. "It isn't worth the risk. Maybe the gas has dispersed by now but I really don't want to take a few steps, only to find out I'm hacking up my own lungs." She nodded and began to walk, her eyes still fixated on the detonated shell. As she continued, Claire spoke to him. "Hey Jackson? Do you remember anything from last night?" Jackson shook his head. "No, I was pretty out of it after the crash. I do kind of remember Maria trying to wake me up but it's sort of hard to think straight after hitting my head a bunch of times in the span of an hour or so." Claire hummed at that. "Is that so? Are you sure you can't remember anything? Not even a little bit?" He nodded. "My memory is a bit fuzzy right now. I can't remember anything but I think it's best

if we stay on task right now. Let's talk later alright?" "Right, let's pick up the pace then." She started to move faster, almost breaking into a jog. Jackson followed suit and the two were making good progress. That was until Claire halted in her tracks. She looked around the empty street, her ears twitching as she listened for something. Jackson did so as well, trying to see if something unusual was around. There was the body of a giant just across the street from them, collapsed onto a moving truck. Crows were feasting on the corpse, tearing chunks of flesh off before flying away. Aside from that however, he didn't see anything unusual. Crouching down, he began listening intently for anything out of the ordinary. Though the sound of his breath through the gas mask and his own heartbeat did distract him, he tried to remain focused on his surroundings. He strained his hearing to listen past the wind as it whistled through the buildings. Past the sounds of crumbling brickwork and grinding metal. Yet, he heard nothing. Nothing at all. However, Claire didn't seem to agree with him. She turned around, panic in her eyes as she grabbed his hand. "We need to hide Jackson!" He barely had any time to think before two began to run towards the other side of the street and into a destroyed pet shop. The exterior had been heavily damaged but it would provide ample protection and cover for the two. Claire leaped inside, practically dragging Jackson along with her. He tripped on some rubble but managed to recollect himself, taking cover behind a shelf loaded with pet toys as he stared outside. The street was empty, with the exception of some trash or ash blowing through but there was nothing. On the other side, there was a destroyed flower shop that would have offered them just as much cover without them running the risk of crossing through the street and potentially getting spotted.

Before he could turn around, he was hit in the back of the head. The force made his teeth rattle painfully and he fell over, disoriented by the blow. His skull ached and body refused to respond to him as someone forced his arms behind his back. He could barely comprehend the sound of handcuffs clicking shut as he made an attempt to struggle. This was quickly stopped however as his face was pushed into the ground and a weight was forced on his back. As his senses returned to him, his heart began to beat faster as he realized what was happening. Struggling against the handcuffs and the weight on his back as someone clasped something around his neck and pulled. He struggled against it but as he heard the sound of a gas mask flopping to the floor, it became very obvious who it was. Claire was on top of him, giggling as she began to work on him. She took in his scent, moaning and feeling the unarmored parts of his body through his clothes. Jackson shuddered as she touched him. "Claire, what the hell are you doing! What about the gas!" She reached around, unclasping his helmet and tossing it to the side before lifting his gas mask off his face. He tried to hold his breath as long as he could, his lungs burning as she continued to work on removing his pack. However, he eventually had to give in and reluctantly started to breath. He finally got a good whiff of the air around him. Though there was the obvious smell of ash and charred wood, he smelled musk and semen. It was everywhere around him, striking his sensitive nose and filling his mind with lustful and horrible thoughts. But the most notable observation he made was that he wasn't dying. Whatever was in the town before must have dispersed prior to their arrival. He wasn't exactly sure what it was like to die from poison gas but at the same time, he couldn't know for sure. Before he could think about it any more however, he heard Charlie unzip her pants and then, something big and hot touched his back. He could barely breathe, realizing what was going to happen. Fear slowly

began to cloud his mind as something from his subconscious began to worm its way out. His voice began to quiver as Claire leaned in close to his ear. "Claire, please, you don't need to do this." Claire however, just giggled a little and she licked his cheek as undid Jackson's belt, pulling his pants down slowly. His tail was now tucked firmly in between his legs, a futile attempt to hide his rear as she pushed him to the ground, pressing his face into a box of the canine chew toys. The scent of cheap rubber and ropes filled his nose as Claire slid his pants off and took his boots before she flipped him over. Now, he saw what she was really packing. Between her legs was a thick, semi-erect, canine cock. It pulsed with excitement, beads of pre-cum forming at the red tip as she used a free hand to pump it a few times, bringing it to full mast. It was bigger than his by a long shot. It was nearly a foot long and as thick as a soda can, with a knot the size of an orange. Her testicles were just as large as well, nearly the size of tennis balls. She straddled his chest and pointed it at his mouth. "Come on boy, give it a lick." He opened his mouth to protest but Claire wasn't interested. She instead forced her rod inside his mouth, deeper and deeper into his throat, almost choking him with it. It had a salty and musky flavor. However, there was a strange tinge of sweetness to it and something else. He didn't know how to describe it but soon, he found himself bobbing his head on her shaft on his own accord, trying to get more. Her balls slapped against his chin as he sucked her off. His own cock began to come to life as well, peeking out of his sheath before revealing itself fully, ready for action. However, his own dick was nothing compared to what she was packing. It was half her size and his own knot was only about as large as a tennis ball. She moaned as she caressed his head, biting her lip as she looked down at him. He looked back at her, the two locking eyes and she stared at him in what appeared to be a mixture of confusion and excitement. His cheeks started to burn with embarrassment as she pulled her knotted

cock out of his mouth with a loud pop. "Are you going to play nice Jackson?" He nodded, his mind and heart racing as she unlocked his handcuffs. At first, his instinct was to stick her in the eye with his knife. To slash her throat before she could react and keep stabbing her until he was completely drenched in her blood. She was one of them, an enemy that deserved to die. A combatant that felt no remorse or empathy. Yet, he didn't want to do it. They stood up and began to undress. Claire took off her the rest of her firefighter garb while Jackson stripped himself of his chest rig before unbuttoning his shirt, both setting all of their clothes to the side and admiring each other's bodies. Her body was very well toned. Every inch of it was covered muscle and of course, all of it was concealed by that thick firefighter suit. Jackson got on his knees and opened wide, letting her shove her cock into his mouth. He serviced her, bobbing his head up and down the shaft as he used his hands to massage her balls, holding each one in his hands. Claire sighed as he tended to her cock and put a hand on his head, forcing her rod deeper into him. Jackson barely gagged on it as she worked him thoroughly, pushing until he had reached her base before pulling out, repeating it over and over again. Her cock twitched in his mouth, squirting out precum which he eagerly drank up. As he went faster and faster, she began to pant more loudly, wildly bucking her hips into his face as she used his mouth to her heart's delight. When she was about to cum, she pulled out of his mouth and smiled at Jackson, her throbbing cock in one hand as she stroked it. "Open wide boy! Let me give you a treat for being so good!" He obeyed, opening his maw as Claire aimed her dick at it, jerking herself off. She grunted a bit before she came, shooting her load onto Jackson. Cum splattered into his mouth as he tried to catch as much of it as he could, even cupping his hands under his chin to gather it up. It splattered all over his

face, landing on his ears, his cheeks and on his eyelids, properly marking Jackson as her bitch. He eagerly swallowed as much as he could as she continued to cum on him. When she finished, she sat back on a pile of dog beds and watched Jackson clean himself up. He eagerly licked his fingers and teeth as he collected much of her seed from his fur, licking it up like a good boy. Her cock, rock hard from his display, twitched once more as she watched him, eager for the main event. When he finished, she tugged on his leash, giving him one simple command. "Sit." Jackson didn't even hesitate as he crawled forward, positioning himself over her shaft and grabbing onto her shoulders for support while she grabbed his hips. He began to lower himself, her cock poking his entrance as it twitched with anticipation. Looking at her hesitantly, she nodded as she guided him down. Immediately, Jackson felt pain as she forced her way into him, his body contracting around her tip. He grunted and tried to relax as she continued to move him down, occasionally thrusting into him, trying to force every inch of herself into him. Despite the fact she had been thoroughly lubricated with pre and spit, it wasn't enough to get it in and Jackson gritted his teeth, eyes tearing up. Claire reached for his head and began to scratch his ears, using her thumb to wipe his eyes dry. "Ease up boy, calm down, there you go." He sank down a little more, letting gravity do the work as he slowly relaxed around her. The two moaned in unison and Jackson leaned forward, pressing his face into her neck fur as she held him tighter, cooing into his ear. "Good boy, that's a good boy~." Her body was warm and soft, Jackson found himself grabbing onto her tighter. His tail started to wag harder as his own erection throbbed for attention. He reached for it but Claire slapped his hand away. Clicking her tongue, she held him tighter. "Not yet Jackson, not until I've finished."

Jackson whined but he didn't protest as took another inch. His belly felt so full and he wasn't even close to her knot. She helped him along, forcing her cock deeper in as the two worked together. Jackson stared at his own stomach outlining her cock in an impossible and almost comical fashion. At first, he wanted to question it, but when Claire forced another inch into him, he completely forgot about it. Maybe it was something in the air. Maybe he just needed this. Whatever it was, Jackson was enjoying himself. Enjoying this small moment with her. He knew it was cheesy but he didn't care. He was happy. He was full. Then, he felt it, the knot poking at his hole, trying to get in. He looked down at Claire, eyes were just barely open, her tongue rolled out of her mouth as she panted. She grabbed him tight, claws digging into his back and drawing blood. Claire was in ecstasy and so was he. But he wasn't ready to take it, not yet. He began to climb back up her shaft, the sounds of squelching and their moans filling the shop as they experienced it together. When he reached the top again, Claire opened her eyes once again, her golden irises peering back into his amber ones as she barely mustered out her next sentence. "Keep going!" He obeyed her command, plunging himself back down onto her, both letting out moans of pleasure as Jackson's cock erupted, shooting out streaks of cum as Claire was lost yet again in her ecstasy, her shaft twitching inside Jackson as he contracted around her yet again and again. She drooled, catching a few lines of his semen with her mouth as the rest splattered against her fur. Line after line before it slowly died out, leaving a few droplets on his tip. When he finished, he tried to get back up to keep going but he couldn't. His legs were too weak from all this excitement. They stayed like that for a few minutes before Claire regained some of her senses, looking at him with hungry eyes.

She reached her hand up and playfully bopped him on the nose. "Bad dog, look at the mess you made!" He whimpered but she shook her head, reaching around and firmly cupping his ass as she pushed him up slowly, making sure he felt every inch of her. Jackson let out a few soft moans as she lifted him up, enjoying the feeling more than he probably should have. When the tip of her cock popped out of him, Jackson could barely stand up straight, his legs trembled and without her cock in his ass to keep him up, he fell back down. Claire on the other hand was still full of vigor, ready to keep going as she tugged the leash again, forcing his face into one of his cum streaks. "Clean it up Jackson. After that, I'll punish you for cumming early." Jackson eagerly stuck out his tongue, running it along the red panda's chest. She let out a satisfied hum as he worked on her, eagerly licking up his cum. It wasn't as enjoyable as hers. His cum was bitter and salty, the oily sludge lacking any of the pleasant flavor she had. He occasionally deviated from his task to suckle at her breasts, licking her erect nipples as she held his head closely. She gasped whenever his tongue passed over her hardened teats but didn't move to stop him, content to just let him tend to her. When he finished, he looked back up at her and she was gazing at him with loving eyes. She leaned down to peck his lips before she stood up with him. His legs trembled and he grabbed onto Claire's shoulder for support. Claire however, turned Jackson around, bending him over a shelf, exposing his ass to her. Jackson didn't even bother trying to hide this time, raising his tail as high as he could to present himself for her. She whistled nd she gave him a firm slap, the sound of it echoing through the shop as she leaned into his ear. "You're a dirty little whore, you know that?" He whimpered and she slid her shaft in between his cheeks, running it over his hole as she hummed. "But you are a very..."

She lined herself up with him. He clenched in anticipation for her thrust as she leaned into him. Her lips were right next to his ears as she whispered. "Good puppy." Jackson felt her forcing herself into him as she rammed her cock in all the way to the knot. He yelped out in pain but he was quickly silenced as Claire pulled one of the canine chew toys from below, shoving it into his mouth. She didn't force herself in all the way however, taking a moment to feel him contracting around her before she pulled out and slammed it in again, harder and deeper as little by little, she forced her knot in, stretching his ass. This cycle continued for a long while, the woman thrusting into Jackson, over and over again as she broke him in. Her stamina far surpassed the soldier's as he nearly passed out several times, only for her to shake him awake as she gently reminded them just what they were doing by tugging on his leash as she continued to pound his sore hole. The sound of wet slapping and moaning filling the air as the two expressed themselves in the most carnal way possible. Then, a loud, slimy pop. Jackson snapped out of his daze as he looked over his shoulder to see that she had knotted him. It was all inside of him now. At long last, he had reached the base. Her shaft twitched in him once more and she leaned over, biting the scruff of his neck hard. His yelp of pain was muffled by the toy in his mouth. She didn't seem to care as she grabbed his hips, securing her hold on him as she readied herself. Then, she began to jackhammer away at him, thrusting wildly into him as hard and fast as she could. Jackson shamelessly moaned as her cock jerked around inside him, the knot struggling to escape him before it was shoved deeper inside. He could feel her throbbing inside him, harder and harder as she hollowed him out. Jackson felt pressure building up in his own shaft as well as he neared his own climax. Through the toy in his mouth, he let out a muffled scream. "Oh Oliva!"

Claire shot her first load into him, warming his insides as she howled in victory but she didn't stop pounding into him. His stomach bulged as his own cock spurted out in unison with her, though its stream was far less than her output. Then, a second shot. It distended his stomach even more, stretching it and hiding his well toned abs. She continued to empty her loads into him, his body milking her dry as it became more and more bloated. The seal her knot had made was too tight and as the pressure built up within him, it began to find another way to release itself. He could feel the river forcing its way through his stomach, up his throat and then... It spewed out of his mouth, load after load bubbled up from his mouth, over and over. If he hadn't been stuffed full of cock and cum, he would have questioned it. But he didn't and neither did Claire. Soon enough, her tide subsided and she flopped onto Jackson, content to bask in the afterglow as Jackson leaned over the shelf, exhausted, drenched with sweat and cum. Both just stood there, panting and moaning, enjoying themselves. Enjoying each other. He felt great, fulfilled, like he was meant to do this. Glee and pride for pleasing his mistress. Then, shame. He looked at his stomach which had distended to the point where he looked nine months pregnant. He looked outside, at the rubble and the death. He could only think to himself that he had fallen far, and very fucking hard. He felt disgust and anger begin to well up inside him. A pit developed in his throat as his faculties and strength returned to him, adrenaline surging through his veins as he got up. Wiping the tears from his eyes, he started pushing back against Claire, refusing to express himself as he felt her slowly sliding out of him. She groaned and moaned as she leaned back, letting her knot tug at his entrance, enjoying the feeling of being locked together. He gritted his teeth as he tried to break away from her, pushing her back until... Pop. Cum flowed out of his gaping anus without a plug

to hold in there anymore. It poured out of him, forcing him to hold still as it spilled but he didn't fall. He refused to kneel as what felt like gallons of cum seeped out of his abused hole, even bringing an arm down on it to force it out faster. Claire was too busy admiring her work to notice his change in attitude. Watching as cum spilled out of her toy and dribbled down his legs. When he was finished, Jackson could barely walk but he didn't care. He just wanted to leave. She could barely get a word in as he used one of his hands to wipe as much of the white off of himself, flicking whatever he could away before smearing the rest onto the floor. He took a step but his leg gave out and he stumbled over, falling face first into a puddle of cum with a loud splat. The fall brought tears into his eyes and his ears burned with shame. Claire, startled by her plaything's fall, grabbed him and pulled him close. She laid back on a dog bed, letting him rest on top of her. "Easy Jackson, easy..." He wanted to fight back. Bring a fist up to strike her and strangle her. Even as she caressed his sore head, cooing into his ear like he was a pet, his mind raced with violent imagery. He wanted to kill her. To maim and mutilate her. But he couldn't bring himself to act out his thoughts. He was too afraid to do so and just laid on her chest, listening to her heartbeat. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson wasn't angry at her. Not one bit. As he tossed an empty military crate aside, he reflected on what had just happened. Sure, Claire had hit him and forced herself on him, but he didn't have to play along with her game. He didn't have to humiliate himself like that. He had plenty of opportunities to resist! Plenty of chances to fight back! Yet he did it anyway, bent right over and let her screw him like a bitch in heat. He loathed himself for what he did, what he let himself become back there. It made less than a dog and even calling himself a bitch in heat would be disrespectful to the female canines all around the world. He was a cowardly little cock whore. Simple as that. He just hated to admit that.

When they reached the evac center, the place was in disarray. Dozens of military tents, marked with red crosses sat in the hospital parking lot. Some of the tents were torn open and some of them were completely crushed. The hospital had been leveled as well, though he knew it hadn't been shelled. There weren't any burns on the building. No, something big had burst out of it, scattering the rubble in all directions as whatever it was tore its way out before joining the massacre. Something way worse than anything he had encountered up until then. Everywhere he looked, he either saw semen, blood, or a mixture of these fluids spattered on the ground. Though they had seen plenty of carnage on their way into the heart of the city, it was nothing compared to this. All of the victims here were exclusively men. Their bodies laid on the floor like discarded trash, bloated with cum. Some had burst open, entrails spilling out of their torn bellies. Their organs ruptured, their bones snapped, their limbs broken.... Dozens of glassy eyes staring into nothingness, tears of cum streaking down their faces. And that was just the bodies that were still identifiable. Some of them were, for lack of a better word, just paste. They had been crushed by something massive. Military and civilian, old and young, weak and strong... It didn't matter who it was, the giants simply didn't care about what they did. The two went tent by tent, grabbing whatever seemed useful for their journey in addition to the few gas masks and filters they scrounge up. Painkillers, ibuprofen, antibiotics, and bandages. Whatever they didn't have before, they grabbed more of. Jackson was lucky enough to come across a case with five hand grenades and a single claymore but he wasn't very satisfied. He wanted an at4 rocket launcher or a Carl Gustav recoilless rifle. Anti-tank weapons that could be used against the giants. He was thankful for all the explosives he found but he wished he had something better. Of course, there was nothing really to be salvaged. What hadn't been used by the soldiers in their fight had been destroyed by the giants when they rolled the place over. Jackson just wanted to wrap the mission up. To just get it over with now, he was tired and he didn't want to stay in this place longer than he had to.

He looked back to Claire, feeling more self loathing towards himself than any actual hatred towards her. She was stronger than him. Better than him. She could easily overpower him and make him pay if he dared step out of line. Though she wasn't as big as the others, that didn't mean she couldn't be any less cruel if given the chance. Was the only thing stopping her from tearing the group to pieces was her own size? Could it be that she too was just a monster hiding just under her playful facade? He remembered her being near Rodger, playing along with him. He recalled her talking to Corporal Maria as if they were friends. She acted so much like them and yet, it only took that one perfect opportunity to turn on him. For her to formulate that plan to rape him. Of course she was mostly gentle with him and their session hadn't been too rough but that didn't exactly excuse her actions. He had to ask himself if she was any better than the bastards that tore these people apart? He sat down on an empty cot, resting his face in his hands and Claire joined him. Sitting down and giving him a few pats on the back. "What's wrong Jackson?" Jackson shook his head. "I can't deal with. I just can't." "Come on buddy, you need to stay strong. For the group. For me." She rubbed his shoulders, sending shivers down his spine as she continued to touch him. Leaning in even closer to him, Claire nuzzled into his neck. Or at least, made an attempt while she was wearing her gas mask. "I know you've been putting on a brave face but even you need to rest every once in a while. Didn't our little session together feel good?" He thought about it for a moment. While he did hate himself, he did have to admit it did distract

him from the situation a little bit. That liberating feeling to just let it all out. "Yeah, it helped but... At the same time... Hey, how does that even work?" "I stuck my cock inside you, what are you so confused about?" Jackson shook his head. "Claire, what happened back there was... For lack of a better word, literally impossible for me to have accomplished. I'm not a doctor but I'm pretty sure what we did back there was physically impossible. Just look at these poor bastards here." He pointed at the corpses that were scattered on the ground all around them. "Those guys fucking exploded but not me. I mean, sure, what was being shoved into them was probably bigger but still. Why am I different?" She shrugged. "I have no clue what's going on Jackson. This is... Well, pretty damn confusing." Leaning back on the bed, her mind seemed to wander elsewhere as she began to think. "I turned back in Deanville. One minute, I'm rushing out to go fight a fire with my colleagues. Next, I feel myself changing." She motioned to herself. "It felt great. Complete sensory overload. My entire body just... Becoming something new as I began to experience new things! I want to touch everything! Just fuck a guy raw and the move onto the next one!" "Did you rape your co-workers too?" Claire gasped and knocked him in the back of the head. "Jackson! I would never hurt my

friends... Well, not willingly. I know what I did to you just know was kind of shitty but I couldn't help it. I was dealing with an erection the whole day and my hand just wasn't doing it! The second I got a chance to be alone with you, I just had to take it." "So what happened to them? Why aren't they with us?" She rubbed the back of her head, an grimace spreading across her features. "Well... After Deanville was overrun, we all managed to get out with our truck. But when I told them what happened to me, they just left me behind. They were afraid of me and what I might do to them. I tried to tell them I was fine but they just left me behind..." "Is that why you didn't tell any of us? Were you worried we might kick you out as well or kill you?" She nodded. "I... really didn't want to be alone Jackson." He sighed, knowing what he needed to ask next. "Then what... What if I didn't react well to it? What if I tell everyone what you really are. What would you do then?" Claire hissed at the question. Averting his gaze as she turned her head away in shame. "I'd probably just lie to them over the radio that we're getting attacked and that they need to leave. That way, we could just be us." "Just like that?"

She nodded. "I... It sounds crazy but I can't fight off my impulses forever. Whatever happened made me... I just have to fuck something. I can probably control it better than the others but... There isn't a good excuse for what I did and frankly, I'd be pretty disgusted with myself if I did come up with something." Jackson sighed. "Thanks for being honest with me..." She patted his head, snuggling into him."You're a good boy you know that? You're not perfect, but you're good enough for me." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- They finished their sweep of the evac zone, casually strolling out of the hospital and towards the bridge out of city. The two had gathered whatever they could and filled a duffle bag before leaving. It wasn't the best haul but it was better than nothing. Some extra medicine for the wounded, more CBRN gear, a few clips of ammo, and the explosives he found. It would give them enough of an edge to survive their trip but that implied they avoided firefights and confrontations with the giants like the plague. Claire carried the duffle bag while Jackson checked in with Maria over the radio. "Shepherd, we've gathered the supplies and are moving to rendezvous with you at the designated location. How copy, over?" His radio crackled. "Reading you loud and clear Walker, we'll be there in a few minutes. Good to hear from you again." "Yep, you see any activity on your end?"

"Negative, we're in the clear." "Copy that." He turned to Claire who was skipping alongside him as they walked through the cluttered street. It was littered with debris, damaged military barricades, and destroyed vehicles. Claire grasped his hand as she took her gas mask off. "Well, looks like Maria didn't notice our little escapade back there." Jackson nodded, taking his mask off as well and taking in the fresh air. "Yeah, lets just keep in between ourselves. The others would not understand..." She giggled and held him a little tighter. "I don't intend on embarrassing you in front of them Jackson. I don't want to share anything about us with them. I want you all to myself." "Claire, I-" Jackson heard something stir ahead of them and his instincts kicked in. He dropped to one knee raised his rifle, aiming it at the sound. Claire set her duffle bag down, grabbing her ax and getting into a defensive stance. Ahead of them was an overturned Humvee. It had been heavily damaged. Claw marks scored the side of the vehicle and the front had been completely smashed in. The driver side door had been ripped off and the bulletproof windows were covered in cracks. Jackson motioned for Claire to stay put and she listened to him, taking cover near a sandbag wall while he approached the vehicle. He

saw someone hanging upside down in the passenger's seat, strapped in but definitely still alive. Looking around to check if this was a trap, he walked out into the open and straight to the Humvee. The soldier inside was a female fox, an army private based on the uniform. She was wearing a gas mask but the visor was broken and her forehead was bleeding. Little droplets of blood trickled down her face, falling onto the roof of the humvee where it had pooled. Her weapon, a Mossberg 590, laid uselessly next to her. Jackson set his M-16 against the humvee and pulled out his combat knife, using it to slice through the female soldier's seatbelt. He made sure she didn't hit the floor when she was finally free before he dragged her out of the wreckage, trying to hold her still as Claire ran over. Jackson inspected the poor vixen's wounds as he took her shotgun and set it to the side. There was a deep, nasty looking gash right on her forehead but aside from that, there weren't any other visible injuries. Odds were, she was suffering from blood loss and a concussion. Of course, he wasn't exactly a professional so he wasn't entirely sure if there was something else there as well. He turned to Claire. "Hey, give me the gauze. I'm going to patch her up as best I can." Claire fumbled around in the bag for a little bit before she managed to retrieve a two rolls gauze. He took one of the rolls, applying it to her bloodied forehead and cleaning the wound. The soldier let out a few pained moans but she didn't do anything. Jackson turned to Claire. "Get a stretcher from the camp. I'm going to finish up here and we'll carry her out." She nodded and ran back to the camp while he removed the vixen's gas mask, letting him work on her better. He held the patch of gauze he placed on her wound firmly down as he bound it in place with the second roll. She struggled against him, her sudden liveliness startling him as she opened her eyes. Those ruby irises staring right into his soul. "Hello cutie!"

Before he could say anything, she let out a husky moan, confusing Jackson as she suddenly lunged for him, grabbing onto his rig. He shrunk back from her advance, struggling to escape her grip but it barely seemed to phase her. "What the fuck are you doing!" Her uniform tore, clothing coming apart at the seams as orange and white fur popped out of it. The vixen moaned as she looked down at her chest, her breasts growing in size as they filled her top before popping out of her shirt, tearing it wide open. Jackson immediately realized what was happening. He frantically looked for a way to break out of her grip, thrashing as hard as he could to get away. Realizing it wouldn't work however, Jackson tried punching her, giving her a mean right hook to the side of her muzzle. It was as if he had punched a brick wall. Pain shot up his arm and a tear came to his eye. The fox didn't even flinch. She simply grabbed his arm and gripped it tight, threatening to break it. He continued to struggle as she leered at him, her muzzle contorting into a mischievous grin. Jackson turned back to the camp. "CLAIRE! HEL-" He was forced onto his back and the woman jumped on top of him, pinning both of his arms down. She growled at him, drool falling from her mouth and onto his face while she continued to grow. Her body burst out of her clothes, the tattered shreds of the army uniform falling to the side as her dog tags went next, snapping off of her neck. The bandages Jackson had applied earlier flew off and showed her head wound had completely healed. She growled with delight as her pants tented and tore open, her newly formed equine cock tumbling out and onto Jackson's body. It was as thick as him, sputtering precum onto his face as she gave him a good view of her hardware. When she stopped growing, she was easily double his size. Every inch of her body was covered with muscle which bulged as she held him down. The vixen snarled at him as he squirmed to get away. "Don't struggle mutt!"

She leaned down and sniffed him, taking in a few good whiffs of his scent. He turned away from her wet, intrusive nose and saw the shotgun a few inches away from him but he couldn't reach it. The vixen scowled when she detected Claire's scent on him. "You little slut! You've been sleeping around haven't you!?" She snarled in anger as she moved to tear his clothes off. Only to be interrupted by a furious roar. "NO YOU DON'T BITCH!" Claire had returned and, seeing the vixen on top of her plaything, screamed in anger. She charged and brought her ax down onto the fox's shoulder. The vixen howled in pain as the ax embedded itself in her, eyes turning bloodshot as she raised her arm and sent Claire flying into the rubble, sending up dust and ash. The female fox snarled in pain. "I'LL KILL YOU FOR THAT!" Jackson's world seemed to slow as he saw Claire bashed away by the giant on top of him. It was like a switch had been flipped inside him. Anger and hatred coursed through his veins as instinct took over, his body acting on its own. With one of his arms freed, reached for the shotgun as the vixen tore the ax out of her wounded shoulder with a horrifying crunch. His fingers wrapped around the grip as he brought it closer to him and he quickly pumped it, ejecting a shell before putting it to the giant's muzzle. She barely had any time to react before Jackson pulled the trigger, sending a blast of buckshot into her face. The vixen howled in pain as her face was hit by the shot, the kinetic force and the shotgun pelts disfiguring her, sending shards of bone and chunks of blood in all directions. The shotgun itself flew out of Jackson's grip as his wrist was jerked from the shot. He hardly felt the pain however as adrenaline coursed through his veins.

The vixen covered her bloodied face with her hands, gurgling in anger as he slid out from under her and scrambling for his M-16. The soldier made a grab for him, claws raking against the asphalt as she tried to slice him to ribbons. She failed however and Jackson picked up his M-16. He was barely able to dodge her next blow as she tried to punch him. Her fist instead collided with the humvee, sending it a few feet down the road. He turned to face her, rifle raised and ready to fight. His hard gaze meeting her wild, angry eyes. He let out a war cry, baring his fangs and splaying his ears against his helmet. "COME AND GET IT!" Jackson pulled the trigger, sending a burst of machine gun rounds into the vixen as he retreated up the street. The bullets barely had an effect on her, too small to do any real damage as she shielded her eyes from his attack. He continued to fire his weapon, firing a continuous stream of three round bursts at the vixen to try and keep her head down while he retreated. This, his weapon let out a sharp click as he expended the last few rounds in his gun. The vixen, realizing she no longer had to worry about him shooting, roared and gave chase. Her new form cracked the road and sent up debris as she charged him. The fox was easily faster than him, rapidly closing the distance between them. He was way too close to use his 40mm grenade launcher and using his frag grenades would be down right suicidal. As she let out an animalistic cry that shook him, he hit the magazine release on his rifle before pulling a fresh one out of his rig, slapping it in and sending the bolt home. He knew that if he wanted to survive, he needed to find cover fast! Jackson searched the street frantically for a place where he could duck into and break away from his pursuer. The only thing left however was a wrecked recon stryker AFV. Though the back doors had been torn off and the m2 browning was missing, the structural integrity of the vehicle was still intact.

He leapt inside just as the giant closed in. She slammed into the AFV and sent him forward towards the front. The vixen let out a snarl as she stuck one of her arms in, trying to grab him as he hopped behind the empty driver's seat. Her arm thrashed around the inside of the vehicle, smashing seats and leaving deep scars in the interior as she tried to dislodge her prey loose. Jackson crawled into the corner, trying to make himself as small as he pulled out his pistol. He fired a few ineffective shots at her arm, his pistol jerking in his hands as he emptied the entire clip. The vixen, becoming frustrated, reoriented herself and got on her belly to get a look inside the AFV, backing off when he raised his rifle to try and shoot her. Jackson could hear her pacing around the vehicle, her loud footsteps shaking the wreck as she trailed her claws over the hull, scraping it. "Come on out! No use prolonging the inevitable!" She brought a fist down onto the vehicle. The sound rang throughout the AFV and one of the walls bulged inwards but Jackson refused to move. He quickly reloaded his pistol before switching to his rifle, keeping it trained on the Stryker's exit. As the adrenaline and emotions faded from his body, he started to realize just how poorly thought out this plan was. What did he think he could possibly do with this carbine of his? What did he hope to accomplish by hiding in this AFV waiting for this thing to get him? Fear began to seize his body as he realized just how bad his situation was. Trapped in a tin can with a pissed off fox outside. It was only a matter of time before she would peel the AFV apart and tear him to shreds, or worse. The vixen paced around outside, humming to herself calmly as she attempted to lift the AFV up. The Stryker groaned in protest but refused to relent to her, remaining stubbornly upright as she braced herself against it. She huffed in frustration and lingered near the exit, humming to herself before she let out a small chuckle. "Well, if you won't come out that way."

He heard her climb on top of the AFV, her weight rocking the vehicle as she clamored on top. For a moment, he wondered what she was planning. Surely she was too small to crush the AFV? That was until she tore the gunner's hatch open and something dripped inside. Jackson's eyes widened a little as he realized just what she was planning. He couldn't even let out a yell before a gooey white flood began to spill through the hatch. It splattered all over his uniform as it began to fill the hull of the AFV. The interior became humid as more cum began to fill the compartment, its heat making him uncomfortable as it began to pool around his knees. However, it was the musky scent of the cum that was worse. The scent was overpowering, way stronger than what he smelled back in the forest or even the camp. Maybe it was the confined space that made it worse. Maybe it was because it was fresh from the tap. Whatever the reason, it made his head feel light headed and the giant enjoyed every second of it. She let out husky moans and groans as she came into the stryker. Her cock spewing out load after load into the wrecked AFV to try and flush her prey out, probably getting hard at the idea of wrecking the little dog inside. When the torrent stopped, the cum inside the AFV began to slowly flow out through the rear doors. However, Jackson remained completely still, paralyzed with fear as the giant outside let out a few huffs of relief. She giggled. "Come out and play boy!" The vixen knocked her hand against the AFV a few times, rattling the interior. "I know you're in there! I'm not mad at you anymore!" Her voice dripped with insincerity, full of thinly veiled malice and anger. "Come on! I just want to fuck your tight little ass!" The vehicle shifted a little as the vixen on top began to pace around on top. Her form rocking the damaged Stryker but doing little to damage it further. Jackson felt his legs weakening again. Fear gripping his mind and his throat tightening as he tried to figure a way out of this situation. But there wasn't any way out. He definitely wasn't going to be able to run away and there was no way in hell he

could take her on. Jackson had to finally admit it to himself. He was going to die, and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it. His mind started to wander off as he began to reflect on his life choices. Tears begin to well up in his eyes as he began to think about his parents. He didn't get a chance to contact them prior to the phones going down and he hadn't spoken to them ever since he joined the military. For all he knew, they could both be dead or worse and he never even got a chance to say goodbye. He slumped down in the driver's seat, listening to the fox outside as he tried to make the most of was almost certainly his last few moments on earth. His radio buzzed to life as Maria came on, snapping him out of his thoughts. "Jackson, we're at the meet up point, where the hell are you and Claire?" Jackson's breath hitched in his throat and he picked up his radio, tears falling from his eyes as he responded. "I... Claire's down and I'm trapped in a wrecked Stryker. One of them is waiting for me outside." "Shit! You need to-" He cut her off. "There's no way I'm getting out of here. I... I want you to know I'm... Sorry, if I screwed up during our time together." "Jackson, don't apologize I- Are you crying?" There was a short pause before he responded. "No?" She growled on the other end. "Jackson, god damn it! Get your shit together and stop being a fucking pussy!"

"I CAN'T! I-" Jackson let out a few raspy coughs as he tried to stop crying. "I just can't!" "You listen here Jackson!" Maria sounded angry, her tone dripping with disappointment. "When I signed on for this job, I was under the impression that the men I would be working with, regardless of the branch, would have enough fucking spine to stand up for what they believe in. I have no idea what they taught you in the army but I refused to believe they made you like this!" Jackson sniffled but didn't respond as Maria continued her angry tirade. "There aren't many of us here who can fight and protect the group. We need you here! I need you! I can't do it alone!" There was a slight pause before she came back. "Be strong Jackson! Fight to the bitter end and whatever you do, do not let that thing beat you! That's an order soldier!" His radio went silent. Jackson however, did not move, unsure what his next best course of action should be. Then, the vixen spoke. "Awww, poor puppy. All alone and afraid. Why don't you come on out and let me take care of everything." She talked to him in a condescending tone, the same one that an owner would use with their pets. The way someone would talk to some feral domestic. Something about this woke something inside of him and a feeling of indignation started to fill his core. As she continued to insult him to him, he started to think about the way he had been treated all throughout his life. Always being told he was just some dog. Too animal to be like the humans but with too much domestic blood in him to be considered one of the so-called proper canines. He felt his anger building up inside him as he recalled the way he had been treated all throughout his life, long suppressed memories and feelings bubbling up to the surface. There was only one thought on his mind. Oliva. That bitch. Oh how he hated to love her.

He wiped the last remnants of his tears off his face. Jackson didn't know if he was going to survive this, but he would be damned if he took this laying down! Jackson snarled at her and let it all out. "Oh shut the fuck up you cunt!" This got the fox to stop and Jackson continued. "You're fucking race is nothing more than a bunch of orange colored cock socks that litter the world with their children!" The vixen slammed her fist against the AFV, creating a sizable bulge in the interior of the vehicle. "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME!?" Her voice boomed throughout the Stryker, the fury in her tone shaking Jackson to his core. However, he didn't back down and he continued his rant while he affixed a bayonet onto his carbine. "YOU FUCKING HEARD ME! OR DID YOUR TRANSFORMATION MAKE YOU INTO A RETARD AS WELL?!" "OH I'LL SHOW YOU YOU LITTLE FAGGOT!" The vixen leapt off the roof of the AFV, landing feet first onto the asphalt road and cracking it. She snarled at him and jumped through the back of the vehicle, wedging herself inside. While the vixen was way too big to really fit in the AFV, she continued to squirm deeper in, using her own cum to lubricate herself. Jackson didn't even have time to react before she reached his spot, snapping her jaws at him. Those razor sharp canines just inches away from his legs. She snarled at him, yelling curses and profanities to intimidate him. Jackson growled in turn as he raised his rifle and plunged his bayonet in her right eye, firmly embedding it in. The vixen let out a surprised yelp, trying to get away as she

panicked. She snapped her teeth at him and thrashed wildly about in the AFV, managing to yank Jackson's carbine from his grasp. Her right eye trickled blood, the M-16 sticking awkwardly out of it. Jackson wouldn't have it however and he took a step forward, raising his boot and bringing down on her muzzle, pinning it. It took a lot of effort to hold her down as he reached for his rifle. The fox, realizing what was going to happen, began to panic more as she redoubled her efforts to escape. She let out a terrified scream. "WAIT! DON'T!" He struggled to grab his carbine as he held the vixen's head down, swiping desperately at the air before he grabbed it. His fingers wrapped around the grip, his index finger extending and pulling the trigger. Three loud shots filled the inside of the wreck as Jackson sent a three round burst through her soft eye and straight into her brain. She let out a wail of agony as her efforts to fight back slowed, whimpering incoherently. Jackson quickly followed it up with another three round burst. The vixen twitched as the bullets pierced through her eye again, her head jerking as the rounds hit the back of her skull. Then, she went limp, letting one last final breath before she finally died. However, he didn't stop. Jackson pulled the trigger, again and again, screaming and hollering as he mutilated the fox's body. Blood, fur, and other bits of the vixen flew throughout the compartment, spattering all over his cum stained fatigues and the rest of the vehicle, staining it red. He continued firing, shots ringing through the vehicle and casings tinkering onto the floor until he was met with a click. Everything went silent, save for his labored breaths and the sound of freshly spent cartridges rolling around on the floor. The rich scent of iron and gunpowder now filled the interior of the vehicle, blotting out her smell. Jackson stared at the body, his entire form shaking with adrenaline as he carefully grabbed his rifle's handguard. He stepped on what was left of the vixen's face, using it for leverage as he forcefully tugged his rifle out of her mutilated socket with a horrifying squelch. He wasn't sure how he felt with

the cocktail of emotions swirling through his mind. After he replaced the spent magazine, Jackson slung the rifle over his back before climbing onto the vixen's head, using it to get on top of the AFV through the gunner's hatch. He felt the cool, night time air wash over him and he took a moment to breathe it in. He was finally free of that wretched fox and her scent. Falling to his knees, he let out a long sigh as relief flooded through his body but he also felt empty. He had just wasted an entire clip on a corpse. Sure, it was somewhat justified considering the amount of abuse these giants could take but at the same time, it was unnecessary. He was supposed to be quick, clean and efficient. His emotions had gotten the better of him. First his cowardice, then his rage. "Jackson!" His eyes widened at the sudden noise and instinct took control again. He shouldered his rifle and aimed it at the source of the noise. It was Claire. She raised her hands, startled by his hostile act. "Don't shoot, it's me!" Jackson slowly lowered his carbine, his ears folding back. "Sorry, you caught me off guard." Claire let out a sigh of relief as Jackson leapt off the Stryker to get back to her. When they got closer to each other, Claire extended her arms and tried to hug him but he shied away from it. She frowned but decided not to try hugging him again. "You did good, Jackson. Took care of her all by yourself!" He gave her a half-hearted nod. "Yeah... Yeah I did." Claire looked him over, cringing a little as she looked at the various fluids and bits on his

uniform. "We gotta clean you up. You're covered in... there's a piece of brain on your shoulder Jackson." She pointed at it and Jackson flicked it off of himself. He felt his expression harden. "Come on, we've wasted too much time. The others are at the meetup point." Jackson walked past her and she quickly moved to keep up with him. Though he didn't look back at her, he could tell she was worried. "Are... Are you okay buddy?" Jackson shrugged. "I have no fucking clue Claire." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Special thanks to GCK(Tempeljaeger), Reddyfish, and Jay the Redpan
