Jackson jolted awake as he felt Claire pressing her erection into his backside. She started to grind herself against him, making him feel her warm, throbbing length against his underwear. A shudder went up his spine as she giggled and nibbled his ear, hands feeling his chest as she leaned in close. Her intentions were clear. "Come on Jackson, lets play a little bit. You and me." Rolling over to face her, Jackson saw her golden eyes twinkling in the moonlight. The red panda let out a little chuckle as she leaned forward and touched her nose to his. She quietly sat up, tail brushing under his chin as she quietly slipped out from under the covers. He let out a quiet sigh as he sat up and looked around the room. Everyone had fallen asleep, even Charlie who was meant to be watching over them. The room was filled with the sound of heavy breathing and snoring as everyone dozed off into their restless sleep. The women did their best to sleep while the men tossed and turned fitfully. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Jackson quietly got on his feet, the floorboards let out a quiet squeak as he and Claire made their way to the cabin door. He could feel his heart thumping in his chest as they snuck out, knowing the risks that came along with their little romp session. Nevertheless however, the German shepherd couldn't find it in himself to say no. He just didn't have it in him to resist. The two silently went through the cabin door, flinching at the sound of every creak before they got outside. The cool, nighttime breeze blew through his fur as they shut the door behind them and walked into the treeline. It was a good enough distance

away from the group so they wouldn't be discovered but close enough so they could keep an eye on things. Leaves shuffled and crunched under their paws as they made their way into cover. Claire's tail occasionally brushed up against him as she touched him through his undershirt and boxers, trying to get a rise out of him. She pinched his butt a few times and played with his drooping tail, hoping to hear him squeak. Jackson's mind however was preoccupied with other things. The excursion into Elkins from earlier in the day had been swimming through his mind nonstop. The death, destruction and sheer brutality. While this was his first taste of war, he knew exactly how things were going to end. They were going to lose, hard. There was no denying the fact or avoiding it anymore. It wasn't a matter of if anymore, it was only going to be a matter of when. What little glimmer of hope they had of turning the tide around had been utterly destroyed back in Elkins. The enemy's sheer disregard for the lives of others and the presence of a chemical weapon that was being deployed on civilians to turn them into killing machines. The fact any women in the group could be turned into a sadistic monster if they took off their masks at the wrong time had struck him hard. Perhaps it was his canine upbringing, maybe it was instinct, but that idea of this war was unfathomable to him. Someone had wanted this to happen, and they were winning. His imagination eventually began to wander back home to his parents back in Springfield. Odds were, they didn't evacuate the farm before the military could force them out, his father was just too stubborn to let that happen. Not that it mattered seeing how whatever the army sent would definitely be outclassed by the enemy. He didn't want to think about what would happen to them but he couldn't help it. Knowing what the giants would do to his father was one thing but it didn't put him at ease or take the sting out of it. His mother on the other hand was uncertain. Would his mom be transformed into some

horrible caricature of herself against her will? Or would she be turned into breeding stock for the giants if she refused to change? What would she become after all was said and done? Would it even matter? He barely registered Claire as she stripped his boxers off and pushed him against a tree. He was only reminded of what they were doing when she abruptly shook him, snapping him out of his stupor. "Jackson? What's wrong? You've been staring off into space for like the past five minutes." Jackson shook his head clear and turned around to face the red panda. She was standing behind him, concern and confusion written all over her face. "Sorry I've... I've got a lot on my mind right now." Claire leaned onto his shoulder, nuzzling the crook of his neck. "I... I know its obvious but... Are you alright?" He sighed as he pushed her off him and pulled his boxers back up. Turning around to face her, he slumped down against the tree. "No... I'm not alright." Jackson waved his arms, trying to find the right words to express what he was feeling. "Nothing is alright. I'm watching my fucking life and world getting being ripped away from me and there's not a god damn thing I can do about it." Claire sat down right next to him, patting him on the back as he continued. "This isn't a war Claire. This is genocide! And it's all being carried out by the people we thought we could trust. Our friends and family! I can't understand why they're doing it! To them, it's just some sick game! They're loving this!"

He let out a frustrated growl as he wiped a tear from the corner of his eye. "Why is this happening? Who is responsible for this? What could possibly justify this? I can't... I just can't understand why someone would want this or why so many people would willingly support it." Claire hummed thoughtfully as she ran a few fingers through his hair, playing with his ears in an effort to calm him down. "Maybe.... Maybe it's not as bad as it seems. I mean, sure there's a lot of bad stuff out there sure but it can't all be awful. Look at me. I've hardly changed at all. I still got my senses and-" She leaned in and gave him a peck on the cheek. "I haven't hurt you guys yet. That's got to count for something right?" Jackson shook his head. "If... Sincorp. Whoever they are, started this shit with the express purpose to make something that would allow them to...To carry out all this sadistic shit... It will only get worse from here." Claire's ears folded back as she tried to maintain her smile. She shook her head. "It won't come down to that. We'll win in the end." "Claire.... We both know how this ends. There is no happy ending here for me. We lost... We lost hard and now... There's nothing left... Maybe I should just-" The red panda hissed as she sat him up and slapped him across the face. His cheek stung, stars filled his vision before he felt her grab his muzzle and force him to look her in her eyes. "Jackson Walker! Don't you dare talk like that! We didn't come this far and fight so hard just to give up when hope is just a few miles away from here!"

Jackson sighed as he laid back down onto her lap, staring blankly at her feet. "You really think that's going to happen? We're going to find a cure and win?" "Yeah! I think we're going to turn this thing around! It may not happen in a few days, weeks, months, or years, but it doesn't matter. You need to keep fighting! WE have to keep fighting!" Jackson shook his head as he sat up to face her properly. Her expression was filled with determination. Her voice had projected confidence and for a moment, he almost believed it. Despite it however, he could see into those golden eyes of hers. They told him something else entirely. "Fight for what? Our homes are gone. The country is gone. Friends and family dead or changed.... How long do you think that airbase is going to hold out? What if they're gone by the time we get there? Run to the next holdout? Keep running until there's nothing left to run to?" "It beats dying Jackson. If we keep fighting, one day, one of our future generations will be able to finally free themselves." Jackson sighed and folded his ears back. "Even if by some miracle, we live long enough to foster a new generation, the Commonwealth will die with us. You think Rodger is going to have an honest memory of the Commonwealth forty years from now assuming these things have the decency not to touch kids? You think the next generations of males will be able to picture a world where they weren't seen as a living fuck toy? Much less put together a stable government without imploding?" Claire's expression hardened as she growled at him, baring her teeth. "Even if that is the case,

good will prevail in the end and there will be someone left to put the world back together. Be it a man who's out there in the wilderness hiding from the giants or someone like me working to help as many males as possible." "That's not fighting Claire, that's barely getting by. And even if there is some large scale rebellion that manages to turn the tide... What's to say whoever caused this doesn't have the plan to take the rest of the world with them if they lose? Hell, even if they don't decide to destroy the world as a going away gift, you can't wipe away the scars from this. Even if we somehow manage to reverse everything right now, it's too late. Blood has been spilled, trust broken. Nobody is going to be able to forget this." "Jackson, I-" Jackson shook his head and held a hand up to stop her. "Claire.... Don't lie to yourself like that... There's nothing left to hold onto... Rodger... Annikin... Brone. We're going to die or... Worse. I don't like to say it out loud but.... We have to think of what's going to happen... And from what I can tell, there's only one... Merciful option." There was a long moment of silence. Claire didn't say anything, sitting there as she looked down to avert his gaze. Jackson knew she was fully aware of the gravity of their situation, even if she didn't want to admit it. He sighed. "Claire... If it comes down to it and I can't do it myself... Promise me you'll make it quick." Claire looked up at him, her eyes filled with sadness. She wanted to say something, her mouth

opened but nothing came out. Perhaps she wanted to console him and reassure him that everything would be okay. Maybe she wanted to scold him for his defeatist attitude... Whatever she wanted to say... She didn't. The red panda could only look down as she started to sob, her hands flying up to wipe the tears away from her face. Jackson grumbled as he looked down at his hands as he twiddled them uselessly. He couldn't stop thinking about it. What would happen when he would be caught. The depravity of the enemy would only be matched by their cruelty. As far as he could tell, there wasn't anything they weren't willing to do. His legs felt like jello, his heart ached, and his head throbbed painfully. He felt like he could barely even control his body, his limbs refusing to respond as Claire's sobs grew louder. She latched onto him, hugging him tight as she began to whimper incoherently. Jackson could only sit there as she held him tight, her cries muffled through his undershirt and her tears seeping into his fur. He felt his breath hitch in his throat as tears stung his eyes. "Claire... I... I'm sorry. I just... Can't... I can't do it." Jackson closed his eyes and hugged the red panda. "God damn it, I'm such a fucking wimp." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson wasn't sure how long he and Claire had been sitting there against the tree. The red panda had fallen asleep a while ago and now, he was there, struggling to find peace as he kept thinking about the worst case scenario. He looked down at the red panda and ran a hand through her hair, causing her to whine and hug him tighter. The German Shepherd could only sigh as he looked up into the night sky, watching the stars twinkle high above him. He knew there wasn't going to be some sort of divine intervention to save him and yet... There was a part of him that desperately hoped for some sort of deus ex machina out there that could fix everything. That perhaps he was in a coma and this was

some sort of horrible dream he was trapped in. But in the end, Jackson could only come to one conclusion. Reality was reality, and it was shitty. Jackson stopped as a howl pierced the night, breaking him out of his thoughts. His blood froze in his veins, eyes widening as he felt his heart almost stop. That howl... At first, he didn't want to believe it, but there was no mistaking who it was... That call... He felt his throat tighten as chill ran through his body. He quickly sat up, jolting the sleeping red panda awake. Claire rubbed the crust out of her eyes as she looked up to him, immediately taking note of his sudden alertness. "Jackson? What's wrong?" He listened intently for it and sure enough, the howl came again. It was the same pitch and tone, there was no mistaking it that was for sure. It was her. It was Olivia. He shook his head and quickly stood up, grabbing Claire's wrists tightly as he dragged her back to the cabin. "We need to leave now." The red panda was nearly thrown off her balance as she tried to keep up with Jackson, struggling to pull her clothes up as she cocked her head in confusion. "What's wrong? Why are you so spooked all of a sudden?" Jackson paused for a moment, ears folding back as a shiver ran through his body. "Claire, I don't know for sure, but I think my ex is hunting us." "Excuse me? What!?" Jackson kicked open the door to the cabin, startling the people inside awake. Charlie, who had

been right next to the door, dropped her shotgun as she was jolted from her slumber. The hyena glared at Jackson, letting out a ferocious snarl. "What the fuck man!" He scrambled past her, grabbing his clothes from the fireplace where he had left them to dry as he struggled into the fatigues. "Everyone, get packed up. We need to get going now!" Maria looked at him, shocked. "What is it? What did you see!?" Claire whimpered. "He heard a howl in the distance and he's confident that it's his ex-girlfriend. He says she's coming for us." A cold air seemed to take the room as soon as the words left Claire's mouth. It hit them like a ton of bricks as they realized just how serious their situation had become. "Are you fucking kidding me!" The Corporal snarled at Jackson, standing up and shoving him against the wall, causing him to yelp. "What the fuck did you do to her asshole!" Jackson was startled at first but recomposed himself as he looked her in the eye. "It's... Really complicated and it's not important." She scoffed at him as she shoved him back. "Don't bullshit me Jackson. Whatever you did must have really pissed her off for her to spend all this time and effort to track us down through a war zone." He growled at her as he pushed her back. "Like I said, its complicated and I don't have time to be discussing my life story with you all! We need to go right now!"

Charlie snarled. "Like hell you're coming with us!" The words hit Jackson like a ton of bricks. "Excuse me?" "Don't you get it? You're a marked man. You'll lead her straight to us if you stay." Maria nodded in agreement. "She's right. If you're specifically being targeted by this one giant, you're a liability to our entire group. We're barely able to take these things on with the element of surprise on our hands. If one of them is hunting us down, we don't stand a chance." She pointed at him. "You're going to need to go alone from here. Stay the hell away from us until you find a way to shake her off your tail or kill her." "Are you crazy! Whatever happened to no one gets left behind!?" "Jackson, in case you haven't noticed, we're not exactly in a good position to resist. We've got civilians and wounded to look after and I'm not about to throw their lives away because you couldn't keep it in your pants." "But I di-" Claire butted in, grabbing Jackson's arm as she growled at the lynx. "Hold on a second! Jackson's our friend! We can't just leave him behind for that bitch! We have to help him!"

Maria snarled at Claire, forcing her back. "I'm not going to get everyone in this group killed because you want to have sex with this prick Claire!" Jackson felt his heart stop and Claire grabbed onto his arm harder. He felt his cheeks burn with embarrassment and his ears fold back as the Corporal crossed her arms, glaring at him with disapproval. "We both went through scent training Jackson. Even though you were covered in that fox's scent, I could still smell Claire on you. It's obvious what you two were doing, don't bother denying it." The moment Maria said it, Jackson could feel the atmosphere in the room turn against him. Everyone stared at him with a mixture of distrust and disgust. There would be no sympathy from them. Charlie followed it up as she roughly shoved Jackson away from the group. "We're wasting time arguing with this asshole. Let's just go." The room was filled with a flurry of movement as everyone scrambled to pack their gear. Grabbing their kits as they prepared to leave. Jackson could only sigh and put on his fatigues as Rodger, Constance, and Annikin ran outside with their packs. Claire looked to him, unsure what she was going to do while the prisoners stared at him with mocking glee. He turned to her. "Go with the others Claire. I'll... Figure something out." "No Jackson, I want to help! We can-" Jackson held his hand up to cut her off. "No... No, you honestly can't. I'll..."

He went silent as he looked at his rifle. While he was afraid, he knew it would be faster. Claire put a hand under his chin and redirected his gaze to her. "Jackson... You're not thinking about it are you?" She cupped his muzzle with one of her hands, using a thumb to caress his cheek. Jackson closed his eyes and shuddered. "I... I honestly don't know... I don't... I don't think I can do this." Claire shook her head and hugged him. "Jackson... Please. Don't give up. It's hopeless, I understand but... I don't want to see you go... Not like this." Leaning into him once more, she parted her muzzle and started kissing him on the lips. Jackson closed his eyes and leaned into her as he returned the gesture. When they broke away from each other, she gave him a weary but encouraging smile. "I'm going to go with the others but please... Promise you'll come back to me..." ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jackson could feel his muscles aching and lungs burning as he sprinted as fast as he could south towards the highway. Each step he took kicked up leaves and dirt as he ran, not bothering to try and cover his tracks. His natural night vision barely cut through the darkness, the world a hazy blur as he narrowly avoided tree roots and leaped over downed trees. He had come up with a rather stupid plan to escape Olivia and it involved running through the densely packed forest to the highway. From there, it would be a matter of finding a working car and driving west back to Elkins. He wasn't sure what he was going to do after that point but at least he could be sure Elkins was abandoned.

A shiver ran down his spine as he heard Olivia howl again, closer this time. She couldn't have been more than two miles away from him and that distance was only getting smaller and smaller. He looked down to his m-16, checking his grenade launcher and the magazine. He wasn't sure if the trees were halting her progress, but at least they gave him some sense of security as he ducked and weaved past the branches. His heart beat in his ears, his eyes burning as spittle fell from his lips. He knew he didn't have time to rest but he had been running for the last two miles. His body ached with pain, the only thing keeping him moving was his adrenaline and fear as he struggled to continue. That was until he smelled something else in the woodland air. Blood, musk, and cum. He stopped in place, legs shaking as he tried to steady his breath, listening for anything out of the ordinary. All he could hear however was the faint sound of radio static. He cocked his head in confusion, thinking to himself that there was no possible way he could have reached the highway. As he continued to stalk his way through the woods, trying to find the source of the noise, the scent of sex began to grow stronger. The smell of sweat dominated the air and from what he could tell, it was fresh. It all came from a singular herbivore but but that didn't matter. Whatever or whoever they were, there was no doubt they would be hostile. Part of him told him to run in another direction but with Olivia on his tail, he knew better than to try it. He simply didn't have the time to find another route. As he made his way out of the thicket and into a clearing, he realized where the noise was coming from. In front of him were the remains of a destroyed caravan in a grassy clearing. There were dozens of civilian vehicles and out of date military trucks sitting in the grass that had been scorched or smashed flat. A few of the smaller cars looked like they had been tossed around haphazardly while the larger vehicles looked like they had been crushed. However, this cluster of vehicles seemed to have been arranged for a campsite rather than a collection from an ambush. As Jackson observed the scene,

he noted that the vehicles had been set in a defensive formation at some point. Tents, lawn chairs, and tables that had been neatly placed were trashed. Cans of food and bottles of water were scattered about, their rotted contents spilling onto the floor. Spent shell casings and broken guns littered the ground, all of them non-military issue. It was clear that a group of survivors had intended to hide out there but they had been discovered. The defenders made an attempt to hold off the attack but they failed and now... Jackson shook his head, clearing it of all those horrific thoughts as he slowly began to approach the destroyed encampment, trying to see if anything was still working or if anyone was still alive. That was until he heard something moving in the derbies. Something big was shuffling about. He froze in place, and listened. Just then, a giant deer sat up from her resting spot behind an overturned camper van, rubbing her eyes as she yawned. Moving as quickly as he could, he ducked down and hid underneath a destroyed military truck, holding his breath. He heard the giant mutter something as he peered out from his hiding spot. The deer was at least fifteen feet tall but it was hard to tell with her form hidden by the vehicles. Despite this however, it was clear she was way larger than anything he had encountered up to that point. The doe lazily surveyed the scene before her eyes seemed to light up as she focused something just out of his view. She leaned down and picked up a horribly deformed human. He seemed to be still alive but he was horribly bloated and shapeless to the point where he looked like a flesh colored wad of putty. His limbs occasionally twitched as he limply hung in her grasp. It didn't take a genius to realize he was on death's door. Looking the man over, the giant tossed him into the air with a simple flick of her wrist and straight into her mouth, swallowing him whole. She moaned in ecstasy, rubbing her throat as the small lump of the man disappeared into her gullet. Jackson couldn't help mimic her as he nervously swallowed a lump in his own throat, watching and listening as the scene played out before him. The doe paused for a moment before she giggled. "Mmmm, delicious."

Leaning over and plucking another human up, she chuckled at the small man squirming in her grip as she gave him an evil smile. "What's wrong Tony, you were always looking to fuck me. Isn't this what you wanted?" The man whined. "Sarah please-" Sarah shook him roughly and clicked her tongue. "Don't call me that you little fuck, refer to me properly." He swallowed nervously. "Mistress, I can't take anymore. I'm begging you." She growled as she lined her equine dick up with him, squeezing him hard and causing him to cry out in pain. "That's not the answer I'm looking for. Say it." The man wheezed in pain as he resisted her tightening grip. Jackson could practically hear the man's strained breaths in her grasp as her fingers constricted around him, threatening to crush his bones. He gasped for a few minutes, mouth gaping open like a fish before he was just barely able to rasp the words out."P-p-please fuck me mistress." Moonlight illuminated her form as the doe roughly shoving herself into the little man, letting out a demonic howl as her rod impaled him. He on the other hand wailed in agony, his cries forcing Jackson to cover his ears. Despite his efforts however, Jackson could not blot out the sound. And even with the man screaming at the top of his lungs, Jackson could hear the grotesque sound of bones

creaking and flesh stretching as doe thrust herself into her living fleshlight. The German Shepherd turned away, unable to continue watching the scene unfolding in front of him. He got onto his stomach and began to crawl underneath the vehicles as he attempted to make his way to the other side of the smashed caravan and slip out unnoticed. As the giant continued to plow into the man, his screaming became more hoarse and weaker. The life in him slowly being snuffed out of him with each thrust, turning from a dry rasp into a wet gurgle. Everything about this scene was wrong. The smell, the sound, the sight... It made Jackson want to curl up and cry, even as his instinct to survive drove him forward. The German Shepherd couldn't shake the thought of impending doom out of his mind as he crawled on his belly. He had been so distracted by his thoughts, he nearly screamed when a small hand wrapped around his ankle. His heart pounded in his chest as he turned around to face whoever had grabbed him, looking into the eyes of a half dead human. His gut had been burst open, entrails spilling out onto the grass, skin a sickly pale color. The man looked to him, his eyes pleading for help. "P-P-P-" Jackson barely had any time before he turned around, grabbing the man's mouth and covering it with a hand. He held his breath as the doe stopped fucking her current cocksleeve. He couldn't see what she was doing, but it was clear she had noticed the noise. "Babe? What are you doing over there." He heard the sound of footsteps approaching the vehicle he was hiding under. Though he couldn't see her, he knew that with each step, she was coming closer. Panic filled his eyes as he quickly reached for the man's hand, grabbing it and desperately trying to wrench his fingers off. It wasn't working however as the human moaned in pain and somehow tightened his grip. Jackson let out a silent growl as he dug one of his claws into the man's hand and drew blood in his last ditch effort to escape.

Thankfully, it worked and the human relinquished his hold on Jackson, just as the giantess picked the little man up. "Awww, trying to escape? That's cute hun." The doe huffed and sniffed her prey. "You should know better than to try that." Jackson nearly let out a sigh of relief as he waited for her to move, listening as the man let out a sharp yelp before a wet crunch sounded out, followed by various fluids and bits of meat dripping onto the floor. He remained there, frozen with fear as the giantess enjoyed her snack, closing his eyes and praying for her to move on... That was until he heard her right next to him, her hot breath just inches away from his ear, the smell of blood and death filing his nostrils. "And you should know better than to think you can hide from me." Instantly, Jackson rolled out from under the vehicle just as a giant hand reached for him, fingers tearing the dirt up as they raked the spot where he just was. He got back on his feet, stumbling as he made a break for the trees in a desperate attempt to escape. The doe giggled as she casually stepped over the car and jogged behind him. "I like a chase puppy! Keep running!" He unslung his rifle from his back, flicking the safety off as he turned around and leveled it at her. "Get away from me you crazy bitch!" The doe growled as she lifted up a hoof and brought it down mere inches from his body. He didn't even have a chance to line up a proper shot as the force of the impact shook him off balance. Jackson stumbled backwards before he tripped, landing on his back in front of the doe. The German Shepherd could only watch as the deer knelt down and rested her heavy balls on his legs, pinning him

to the ground and forcing him face to face with her cock sleeve. At first, Jackson wanted to raise his rifle up to under her chin and take a shot at her exposed neck... That was until he saw the impaled man's eyes. Those milky white orbs staring right at him. The man's head hung limply, only jolting as her cock twitched inside of him. His jaw had been dislocated, the bottom half hanging uselessly as cum bubbled out of his throat. His entire face was covered in deep cuts and purple bruises. As his vision became clear, Jackson realized that the doe's equine cock tip was poking out of her victim's throat, blood mixing with viscous white cum as it bubbled through his lips. Jackson froze, fear took hold of his body as he was forced to face the grotesque sight of the horribly disfigured man, his rifle slowly slipping from his grasp as it fell onto the forest floor beside him. The giant above him giggled as she flexed her cock, tapping it against his face. Her cocksleeve's oily, unkempt face rubbed up against his, smearing semen and blood all over his muzzle as he laid there, paralyzed with terror. The doe grinned. "Aww, he likes you! That's adorable~" Jackson however, remained unresponsive as images flashed through his mind again. Thoughts and memories he tried hard to forget bubbling back up to the surface. He didn't even process what the doe was saying as she pressed her weight down on him. The German Shepherd wanted to analyze the situation, to try and find a way out or some respite, only to be brought back to reality as the weight of the doe began to crush the life out of him. He knew there was nobody coming for him. No way out. No hope left. It was time to end it. He closed his eyes as one of his hands reached for his grenades, fingers warping around the pins. All he had to do now was pull them out and count to five... However, he struggled to find the willpower to pull them out and blow himself to bits. His mind screamed for him to do it before he lost his chance. It reminded him what would happen to him if he failed to pull the pins. It reminded him of what had happened the first time he was captured, what that

squirrel did to him... Yet, he found himself stalling in the process of tearing the grenade pins out and giving himself a quick and dignified death. He was still too scared to do it. Even with the sight of his inevitable fate being literally shoved into his face and crushing him, he couldn't kill himself. "You bitch! GET OFF HIM!" A thunderous roar shook him out of his stupor, his mind finally getting back in order as he realized who it was. Olivia. Jackson almost didn't believe his ears as the giantess that was atop of him looked up too, startled by the intruder. He turned his head back and saw her dark silhouette emerge from the trees, her razor sharp fangs and red eyes gleaming in the moonlight. Her jet black fur shined, accentuating her new form. She definitely wasn't as pudgy as he remembered her. Those familiar thick hips of hers and that big, soft tummy were gone, replaced with something more athletic and slim. And between her legs, a hefty set of balls and a sheath to boot. If she wasn't intimidating before, she definitely was now. He couldn't help but swallow nervously as the doe above him growled, standing up to face the challenger. "Go get your own toys mutt! These ones belong to me!" Olivia snarled at the doe as she pointed directly at him. "That one doesn't. He's mine!" The doe looked down at Jackson, raising a hoof as she pressed it down on his chest, pinning him to the ground and forcing the air out of him. Jackson could only grit his teeth in pain as her cloven hoof crushed him, forcing a tear from his eyes. He could practically feel his bones creaking and groaning in protest under her, especially in the spot where he had been shot. She crossed her arms, smirking at the wolfess. "Oh? What makes him so special? Is he your boyfriend? Husband?" She let out a hearty laugh as she pulled her current cock sleeve off with a wet slimy pop. Gobs of red tinted

semen spilling out of the man's gaping hole and down onto Jackson, spattering across his face. "Why should it matter now hun. The world is a different place. Find your own fuck hole and leave me with this one." The wolf stood her ground as she stared down her competition. "He isn't yours to take. He's. Mine. My dog. My property!" Jackson felt himself wincing at her words as the doe above him laughed. "Unfortunately, I got to him first. But tell you what. I'm feeling nice so I'll let you have him after I'm done breaking him, how about that?" Olivia growled as she took a step forward and adopted a combat stance, clenching her fists and raising them. "Hell. No. You give him to me, or you'll be picking your teeth off the floor!" The woman above him laughed as she stepped off him and threw her used toy to the side into the wreckage with a metallic thud. She cracked her knuckles and smiled. "Oh? Is that right?" The two were now focused on each other, and Jackson slowly crawled back. Fear gripped his mind as he tried to figure out what he was going to do. His instinct screamed for him to run away, to get as far away from them as he could. At the same time however, he found himself staring at Olivia. Before, she had been intimidating for sure. She had towered over him and she had shown him what true strength was on more than one occasion. Now, she was downright terrifying and the very sight of her made him freeze in place. At the same time however... He felt entranced. Her form which had already been large and domineering, was now something much more than it was before. She looked... Perfect

in a way. Her body looked like it had been chiseled out of obsidian. Smooth, shiny, and strong. The German Shepherd couldn't help but gawk at her but his rational mind soon managed to retake control and wrench him away from his observation. There was a tense pause between the two of them. Olivia, staring at the doe with intense determination. Eyes filled with rage and hate. The doe on the other hand looked at the wolf with a mocking expression, clearly not taking her seriously as she yawned mockingly. Of course, he wasn't certain who was worse. Both of them were probably just as cruel as the other and whoever came out on top of this battle would definitely be hopped up on adrenaline and pride. Olivia didn't back down as she slowly began to pace around the doe, trying to size her up. The doe only looked at the wolf in amusement, watching the smaller woman as she casually stretched, purposefully revealing her muscular stomach to the wolf. Olivia turned to Jackson as she kicked his carbine back to him. "Run." For a moment, he thought he misheard her and he looked at her in confusion. "What?" She growled. "I said run stupid. Are you fucking deaf or something?" The doe let out a chuckle. "Awww, what's wrong. Afraid of him watching me beat you down?" Olivia simply snorted as she ignored her opponent's question. "Go on. I'll find you right after I'm done carving this whore's face up." He quietly sat up and reached for his gun, picking it up as he stepped backwards towards the treeline. "Th-Th-Thanks Olivia."

She let out a grunt of acknowledgment as she turned her attention back to the doe, raising her fists and getting ready to fight. Jackson didn't even hesitate as he turned back to the treeline, sprinting towards it. However, as he ran, he felt.. Wrong. Jackson slowed his pace down as he turned to look back at the two giantesses who were now preparing for combat. The German Shepherd could practically feel the tension between the two giantesses. Their eyes focused on the other, daring the other to make the first mistake... Olivia was the one to break the silence, letting out a primal roar as she lunged at the, her massive form kicking up dirt in grass as she charged the doe. She had managed to close the distance in a flash but the doe sidestepped her attack, tripping the wolf and sent her crashing to the forest floor. Olivia didn't even have time to retaliate as the doe quickly climbed on top of her, grabbing the wolf's hair and yanking it up. The wolfess screamed in pain but it was quickly cut off as the doe quickly slammed her face into the forest floor with a violent thud. At this point, Jackson stopped moving entirely, looking on in horror as he watched the doe beat Olivia over and over again. Every ounce of his body told him to run. To get as far away as he could while both were still distracted. At the same time however... As the doe went to slam Olivia's face into the ground again, the wolf resisted and gritted her teeth as she grabbed the doe's arms, sinking her claws into them and tearing them open with her claws. Thick, red blood squirted out of the wounds and began to trickle down over the two. The doe let out a sharp cry of pain as Olivia threw her off. Jackson shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. This wasn't his fight! And even if it was, he was going to die no matter who won! Whoever came out on top in the end was definitely going to rape him. Despite what he told himself, he could only stare at the two giantesses as they recovered. Olivia

shuddered as she slowly got back to her feet, spitting out a gob of spit and blood as she licked her split lip clean. The doe was looking down at her lacerated arms, regarding them with a mixture of disbelief and shock before looking up at the wolfess. Words... Couldn't possibly describe what he saw in those eyes. Hate... Anger... Fury... Nothing could quite put into perspective what he was looking at as the doe's expression twisted into a hateful snarl as she let out an animalistic cry, tackling the Wolfess to the floor. She raised a fist and brought it down against the wolf's muzzle, the sound of the impact shook the earth. Jackson could swear he saw a tooth fly off as her blow collided with Olivia. The wolfess brought an arm up to try and shield her face from the assault as the doe continued her attack, furiously roaring as she brought her fist down onto the wolf, again and again. Left and right and left and right, each blow sending splatters of blood onto the forest floor. Jackson felt something spark inside him... He wasn't sure what motivated him to raise his rifle and aim it at the doe, but there was only one objective in his mind. Save Olivia. Jackson let out a roar as he pulled the trigger, sending a burst of rounds at the doe's head. She cried out in surprise as red pinpricks popped up all over her face, forcing her to shield herself as she shrieked with anger. "AGH! YOU FUCKER!" Olivia snarled as she delivered a devastating blow to the doe's exposed stomach, forcing the giantess to double over in pain. The wolfess immediately pressed her advantage, knocking her opponent over and taking control. She yelled at The German Shepherd. "What the hell are you doing! RUN YOU IDIOT!" With that, the wolfess went for the doe's throat, massive hands wrapping around her opponent's neck and clenching tight. The doe wheezed as she grabbed onto the wolf's hands, desperately trying to pry them off as the wolf strangled her. Jackson stood his ground however as he pulled his bayonet out

and affixed it to the end of his rifle. "Helping my friend! That's what!" Without hesitation, he let out a sonorous war cry and ran forward, bayonet raised and pointed directly at the doe. With each step he took, his sense and reason faded from him, the voice that had told him to retreat being drowned out by an order to kill. He wasn't even sure why he was doing it, he just knew he had to. The doe could only stare in horror as Jackson approached, the scared Shepherd she was more than ready to dominate a moment ago, charging at her with reckless abandon. He could only imagine what was going through her mind as he raised his bayonet and drove it at her. His first blow had missed her soft eye and plunged his bayonet into her cheek, tearing it open as he carved deep into the soft flesh. He hissed with frustration as he tore the bayonet out of her face. "FUCK!" He quickly drove his bayonet in again and this time, managed to stick it right into her eye. She screamed what little air she had in her lungs, one of her hands lamely reaching for him to no avail. By now, the doe's struggles were becoming less and less frantic as she lost her strength. Her mouth gaped open in a silent scream, gagging as she uselessly tried to gulp down air. Eyes teared up and rolled back into her head as she weakly slapped Olivia's arms, ineffectively scratching them as the wolf tightened her grasp. Olivia's eyes had nothing contempt and fury in them as she grit her teeth, growling loudly as lines of red tinted spit dripped onto her opponent. Jackson continued his attack, his vision tinted red and blurry as he again and again, drove his bayonet into the doe's face, mutilating it with each strike. After a few seconds, the doe went quiet. Her hands fell limply to her sides as she heaved out one final breath and closed her eyes. The wolfess lifted her hands from the doe's neck, a bead of sweat falling off of it as she looked to Jackson, her expression dark and angry. Jackson had been standing nearby, panting as he held his

blood covered rifle closely. He watched the doe's motionless body, adrenaline and anger coursing through his veins. As he turned to meet Olivia's gaze however, he immediately felt that rush of courage leave him. The wolfess growled as she towered to her full height and looked down at him with glare that froze the blood in his veins. She snarled as she spat out some blood onto the forest floor. "I didn't need your help Jackson. I told you to run. Why didn't you obey me?" Jackson's rifle slipped from his hands yet again as he began to back up, struggling to remain upright as his rational mind retook control. It told him to run and he started to regret the fact he decided to assist the wolf. He knew she wouldn't have returned the favor and in fact, the wolfess looked downright furious for his disobedience. He raised his arms in surrender "I-I-I-I wanted to help." Olivia snarled, baring her fangs at him. "I'm not weak anymore Jackson. I could have taken her! You should have gotten it through your thick skull the instant you saw me." He uselessly held up his hands above him, shivering as his tail tucked in between his legs, whimpering pathetically. "Olivia! Please don't hurt me!" The wolfess snorted at his display of weakness. "You're in no position to be demanding anything. But..." She grinned at him, showing off her pristine, white fangs as they glinted in the moonlight. Those crimson eyes looking him over like he was a piece of meat, hungry and evil. Something The German Shepherd was all too familiar with already. He nervously swallowed a lump in his throat as she leaned down, her muzzle just inches away from his own. "Since you're that desperate to please me... I guess I should reward you." She then stood up to her full height and snapped her fingers. "Strip now mutt."

Jackson froze in place, his eyes wide as dinner plates. Mutt.... It had been ages since she called him that. Against his own will, he began to undo the straps on his vest, occasionally glancing back up at her. The wolfess would only nod her head and continue to grin at him, relishing in his fear. He could see her cock starting to climb out of her sheath. That red, drooling tip excitedly peeking out of her, slowly hardening in anticipation. He didn't need to see it fully erect to know it was huge. That was a given. His plate carrier fell to the floor with a dull thud and he then went about undoing the buttons on his shirt. With each one he undid, he saw her cold and collected eyes widen a little, her tail wagging with just a little more fervor. The wolfess leaned down and ran a hand over his stomach, earning a shiver out of the scared canine. "My my, being in the army certainly did you some favors. You're not the scrawny twig I remember you as. Good for you." She chuckled as she reached down and traced a finger along her hardening cock, licking her lips with anticipation. "Better for me... It means I can be a little rough." He continued to undress himself despite the fact every part of himself screamed to not submit to her will. The only thing he was managing to do was slowly take his clothes off and even then, it probably came off as more inciting in the wolf's eyes rather than a sign of hesitation. Or perhaps she was simply patient, relishing in the power she had over him. Jackson swallowed another lump in his throat as he looked up to her. "What.... Happened to... You know..." She raised an eyebrow. "Mark?"

The German Shepherd nodded. "Yeah. What happened to him." She smiled, a dreamy look overtaking her features as her cock started to harden faster as she recalled the memory. "Why? You want to know what's about to happen to you?" The German Shepherd shuddered and shook his head. "NO! I just... After I went off to join the army, you two got back together. I... I thought he would be here as well. You two seemed-" Olivia snarled at him, causing him to instantly shut up. "You know damn well I wasn't happy with him Jackson. There's a reason why I started cheating on him with you and it's not because that arrogant, shrimp dick bastard made me happy." "And I did?" The words seemed to catch her off guard for a moment. A hint of her old self came back into those proud eyes of hers. Just that little bit of sadness he used to see through her tough facade. "The sex was mediocre but you were a great confidant. I liked the fact you were quiet. Shy. Just trying to stick to yourself and fade away into obscurity. I could tell you anything I wanted, do anything I wanted, and you'd keep it to yourself." She quickly shook her head and hardened her expression again. That spark of mercy he saw in her eyes, snuffed out in an instant. "But you left me. Now, we make up for lost time. Hurry. Up." The wolfess emphasized those last two words as she jabbed him in the stomach, pushing the wind out of him. The calmness from earlier was gone now, replaced by irritation and frustration. She

was clearly not happy about recalling their years together in college. Part of him wanted to try appealing to their old, one sided relationship again, hoping it would spark some sympathy from her. He knew better than that however. It would probably just enrage her if she was forced into that state of self reflection again. She clearly didn't want to face the issue... He pulled down his pants and with that, the last of his clothes were off, naked as the day he was born. Olivia crossed her arms as she looked him over, a small, victorious smile graced her face. "You know, you're lucky I decided to let you take your clothes off rather than just rip them off you. If it were up to anyone else, you'd already be impaled right about now or lodged up their ass. You remember the triplets?" The German Shepherd quickly shook his head as a chill ran down his spine, recalling the mischievous trio of vixens. Krystal, Vivian, and Cherry. All this time, he was so completely focused on Olivia he forgot to take them into account as well. From what he did know however, they would probably be way worse than Olivia. Whenever he had to deal with them, they were gentler than the wolfess but they really knew how to push his buttons. Where Olivia used brute force, those three were tactful and they loved to make him beg. A typical session with them usually resulted in the three working in shifts to exhaust him or overwhelming him in one go. He shuddered, trying to push the thought of them out of his mind. "Yeah, I remember... How are they?" "They're doing great. Those three managed to push the cheerleaders out by convincing the ROTC group and Beta Sigma Phi to stage an all out assault." Olivia chuckled to herself as she recalled the event. "Those stuck up bitches didn't even see it coming before we came crashing through the auditorium. Sent them packing with their tail between their legs." "So... Why aren't you with them? Seems like you have a nice little slice of heaven back there."

The wolfess chuckled. "And what? Have you slip away again? I went through hell to find you. You should be thankful I put so much energy into making sure you come back in one piece." "Come back?" Olivia nodded. "I'm taking you back with me." She smiled warmly at him and leaned down, giving his exposed chest a long, wet lick, coating him with slimy drool. "We all miss you and we're all due for a reunion with you. Of course... I get to have the first round." He looked up into her eyes and his ears folded back. All of them... Jackson nervously swallowed a lump in his throat as he recalled just how many women he had been with back in college. How many hearts he had probably broken by leaving. If all of them were waiting for him.... "Is there anything I can say to convince you to not go through with this?" She clicked her tongue and pretended to think about the matter before shaking her head. "Nope, but you can if you want to. Mark and his buddies tried bitching and it didn't do them much good." The wolfess bit her lip as her cock, now fully out of its sheath, throbbed a little. Pre drooled from the tip and the musky scent dominated the air. "If anything, it just made me harder. But I wouldn't worry about them. Not when you're so close to the fire." Jackson wanted to protest, but decided remaining quiet was a better option. The German Shepherd could only pathetically stand there as Olivia went about unwrapping something from one of her fingers. A nylon collar and leash. He felt his face heat up a little at the sight of it. If he didn't know

any better, he could have sworn it was the one she regularly used on him. She held the collar out for him, the unclasped loop dangling just a few inches from his face. Attached to it however were two small metallic tags. Jackson felt his heart sink the instant he saw them. "Are those..." She nodded silently as Jackson held the collar in his hands and brushed his fingers across the tiny little tags, feeling the indentation of the letters on them. Name. Jackson J. Walker. Social security number. 132 54 0978. Blood type. AB Positive. Religious preference. None... He looked at the tags and felt a wave of shame overcome him. There was something about seeing his dog tags attached to a collar that upset him. Those little two little tags which served to identify him as a soldier of the Commonwealth army, now being used to label him as property. He frowned as he looked at the tags. "Olivia, I..." Olivia raised an eyebrow which instantly cut him off. It looked accusatory, as if she was quietly asking him if he was honestly going to resist her. Jackson felt his heart sink as it suddenly struck him. She wasn't the wolfess he had fallen in love with back in college. Like every other woman, she had been transformed into a sadist. A remorseless killer who was now using their history to make him go willingly like a lamb to the slaughter, toying with his emotions so she could break his heart later. To her, the memories were probably just erotic experiences, a sort of training period to learn all of his little quirks. He couldn't even be certain if she was ever sincere with him then or if she just loved the power. What he could be certain of however, was that Olivia had definitely killed Mark after raping him or left him to a fate worse than death. That she had definitely gone on a spree after her transformation. How many innocent people had she tore limb from limb just because she could. How many did she eat or

throw to the side like garbage. He wouldn't be any different from them in the end... To her, he was just another piece of meat. Jackson wanted to say something in response, to protest or shout for help. Anything except putting that collar around his neck and submitting to her! But there was nothing he could do against her. Her physical strength ensured that he would never be able to fight her off or run. If he tried, the only thing he would do was make her more aroused. He quickly glanced down at his clothes, looking at his holstered pistol. It was just out of reach, but he could easily duck down and snatch it up before she could stop him. After that, it would be a matter of shoving the gun under his chin before she could wrench it out of his hand... But he couldn't. Not like this. He wanted the end to be meaningful, for his life to have been something. Jackson knew he didn't want his last moments of life to be used so someone could get off but at the same time, suicide was the cowards way out. His ears folded back and he felt a wave of bitterness wash over him, knowing there would be no life for him regardless of whatever choice he made. Soon, it gave way to fear. His legs felt like they were about to give out and he felt the cold sweat break out again. It was becoming harder for him to breath and he began to feel faint as he started to hyperventilate. "Olivia... I... I can't breath..." She snorted. "Funny, we haven't even started." He quickly shook his head. "No, something's wrong, I-"

Before he could even finish his sentence, a loud roar pierced the clearing. Olivia didn't have time to react before she was tackled by the doe. The two barreled into him, dazing him and twisting his body in ways that it wasn't meant to be as he did a somersault, tumbling to the floor unceremoniously. Stars filled his vision and he had to resist the urge to throw up, there was now a strange crick in his neck and he could have sworn something had been thrown out of place. He tried to move, but his body refused to respond to him and he could barely focus on his surroundings. Even as dirt was kicked up around him and massive feet smashed the ground, he felt detached from his scenario. The danger somehow managed to feel so far away from him. He could barely string together his thoughts as the fight unfolded before him. That was until he smelled it. That rich, copper scent of blood. HER blood. Jackson's eyes widened as he finally began to register what was going on. His mind felt like it had finally been unclogged and now, he could process his thoughts again. Everything hurt like hell, he was covered with all sorts of nasty looking scrapes and he couldn't move some of the fingers on his left hand, a few of the digits were jammed horribly out of place. He was just barely able to hear Olivia's strangled cry. "JACKSON! HELP ME!" "SHUT- RAGHH!" He looked up and saw Olivia on her back once again, the doe kneeling over her as she tried to strangle the wolfess. Olivia in turn had dug one of her claws into the doe's damaged eye, causing her to scream out in pain. However, the wolfess wasn't able to force her opponent off, unable to get any leverage as she desperately kicked and screamed. For a moment, he turned to bolt but Olivia cried out again. "Jack! Please!"

Jack. The last time she called him Jack, she was being assaulted by a member of the football team. He intervened, or rather, served as a distraction while she limped away to lick her wounds. It was the day everything had changed. The day she no longer considered him to be a mere mutt. The day their relationship blossomed into something else and she had rewarded him for his efforts after he had gotten his leg reset. Jackson asked himself if this too was another trick or was she being genuine. If the love was still there or not... However, he soon abandoned the question and turned to face the two, realizing it probably didn't matter. Jackson yet again found himself disobeying his rational mind as he dove into the ground and scrambled forward towards where he last saw his rifle, reaching down into the leaves and grass as he desperately sifting for it, straining his eyes in the starlight to no success. "Jack! HELP ME!" He saw the Wolfess's struggles weakening, her eyelids fluttering as they slowly began to roll back into her head. The doe smiled menacingly at her, blood trickling down her face from her damaged eye. "Sleep! Sleep bitch!" There wasn't any time to look for it. He looked around for something he could use. Anything! A log, a gun... As he looked around, he eventually saw something that would work. His eyes focused on that bandoleer of m67 hand grenades in his pile of clothes, the little fragmentation grenades would easily work but in order for them to be any success.... A shudder passed through his body as he formulated possibly what was to have been the worst plan he had ever come up with. To top it off, he had absolutely no reason to do it. Of course, he didn't even question his instincts. He ran forth and scooped up the bandolier of grenades, wincing a little as the weight of those explosives pulled against his damaged fingers. However he didn't stop as he charged the doe once more.

Putting the bandoleer in his mouth and biting down on the cloth, he leaped onto the doe's back, grabbing onto her long, oily hair and climbing up, digging his hind paws into her muscular backside. The weight of his body pulled her head back and caused her to cry out in pain as he threatened to tear her golden locks out by the roots. She reached one of her arms back, keeping the other firmly wrapped around Olivia's neck. The doe screeched as she wildly waved her arm at him, trying to swat him off. "Get off me you fucking pest!" Jackson didn't back down, and even as her hands hit his ribs and knocked the air out of him, he didn't let go. He grit his teeth, and continued his arduous climb until he reached her neck, ignoring the pain all the while. He used her hair swing around her backside and came face to face with her. His hazel eyes meeting her last, hate fulled orb. The doe snarled at him and opened her mouth, snapping at him. He was just barely able to avoid her gnashing teeth as he tried to escape that awful maw of hers. The German Shepherd almost let go of her hair in a panic, trying to get as far away from her as possible. That was until he saw her mutilated face. For some reason, despite how brutal she had been, despite the show she had put on... She looked absolutely pathetic. The thing he had been so scared of moments ago now seemed so weak, so fragile... And it was because of him. He was the one that destroyed her eye and ruined her face. Not Olivia. Sure, Olivia was the one that put her down but... Without him, she wouldn't have been able to brag about it. A smile graced his face and for the first time in those last few days.... He felt content with what he had to do next. With his left hand, he grabbed onto the grenade pins and yanked them out, watching as the spoons flew off. The doe didn't even realize what was happening before took the bandoleer out of his mouth and shoved his left arm into her mouth, pressing it as far back into her throat just as she bit down

again... One one thousand.... The pain was unimaginable as the doe clamped down on his arm. He howled in agony, feeling her teeth tear through his muscle and reach his bone, almost fainting at the sight of his blood pouring from the edge of her lips. The German Shepherd thrashed in her grip, trying to pull away, his free arm pushing against her nose, only making things worse as he heard his skin tearing, flesh ripping, watching as blood poured from the sides. Two one thousand. By now, Olivia had recovered and she noticed him trying to pull away from the doe. She grabbed and pulled his free arm, causing him to scream. The doe's teeth were clamped down too tight around his arm bone which was still intact despite the pressure she put down on it. Jackson turned to her. "YOU CAN'T PULL ME OUT! BREAK IT!" She hesitated for a moment but quickly delivered an upper cut to the doe's jaw, slamming it shut, with one loud snap and a crunch.... Three one thousand... Jackson could barely register the pain in his mind as he went into shock and fell into Olivia's arms. The world almost seemed to slow around him, he could barely focus on anything as he looked

down at his stump. Blood spurted out of the mangled mess of what used to be his left arm, the bloody stump glistening in the moonlight. He had lost everything up to his elbow, but even then, he couldn't tell how truly bad that sudden amputation was. His vision became blurry, his stomach churning as he felt bile working its way up into his throat. The pain was so intense, he had to resist the urge to grit his teeth, lest he bite his own tongue off. Olivia called out for him but it barely registered in his mind as he turned his attention back to the doe, watching as she crammed a hand down into her throat, desperately trying to fish the grenades out, gagging and coughing on her fingers. Four one thousand... Olivia held him close and turned around, shielding him from the inevitable blast. He was pressed into that thick, musky fur of hers. That soft, luxurious coat. The German Shepherd had to remind himself to breath as he desperately tried to stay awake, leaning into her and holding on tight just like before. He felt so tired and the fur was so inviting... He just wanted to sleep. Five one thousand.... The explosion ripped through the clearing, the blast cutting through and silencing everything. His vision blurred and he felt cold. That trickle of blood that was running down his arm seemed to slow down a bit and his heart seemed to beat slower than usual. Then it suddenly struck him, he was dying. He didn't even realize what was going on until Olivia shook him and screamed in his ear. "Jackson! JACKSON! WHAT DO I DO!" Jackson looked up to her and for the first time in a long while... He saw that look again.

Genuine fear. Her eyes were streaked with tears, the little rivers running down the sides of her muzzle as she grabbed onto his stump, holding it in a desperate attempt to staunch the bleeding. She reached a paw down and slapped the side of his face. He could barely feel that stinging sensation as she shouted again. "Jack! Tell me what to do! I can't lose you! Please!" "My IFAK.... In my pack." The German Shepherd whispered as she ran over to his bag and tore it open, desperately fishing out his first aid kit. He yet again found himself looking at his bloody stump and he grabbed onto it, wincing in pain as he tried to clamp it shut, though he found he could barely maintain his grip on it. "Get the tourniquet and tie it..." The German Shepherd shook his head as he tried to stay focused. "Then bandage the end... Put some gauze on first, it will slow..." Jackson sighed as he lost his train of thought. It felt exhausting to talk. Hell, even keeping his eyes open was a tiring. She whined as she fumbled around with the tourniquet, hands shaking as she tried to tie it around his arm. "Fuck! There's blood everywhere!" He winced as she tightened the tourniquet but he could barely register it aside from a dull sensation in his numb body. Jackson opened his eyes again, just as he saw her tearing into a packet of gauze, the little white patches falling slipping out of her hands as she fumbled with them. The German Shepherd closed his eyes and whispered. "Cold... I feel cold..." Her next words were barely audible in his head, he could only feel her jostling him, trying her best to patch his wounds but he didn't feel anything. It was only until he felt her warm, slick tongue running across his face did he he come back to his senses. "-son of a bitch! You can't leave me like this! Tell me! What now!"

Jackson tried to close his eyes again, only for her to slap him awake. He could barely feel it aside from a dull sensation in his muzzle. "Stay up! STAY AWAKE! TELL ME WHAT TO DO!" " I.... I don't know.... Find..." He tried to clear his mind again but everything felt foggy. The German Shepherd grit his teeth, trying to work his way through the fatigue. "Constance.... Find... Her..." Olivia stammered as she scooped him up. "O-o-okay Jackson! Just hang on!" He felt her move but he couldn't tell what he was doing. The German Shepherd just wanted to sleep. Jackson turned his head back to her and whispered. "You're doing good.... Everything... Is... Going to be... okay... " "Keep talking Jackson! Keep talking!" Jackson babbled incoherently, trying to stay awake but... After everything he had been through, he felt ready to go... He did it. This was the canine's ultimate purpose. To sacrifice and serve no matter what... It wasn't his place to worry about what was going on anymore. That was for someone else now. It wasn't his responsibility to carry on the fight, he did all he could. The plans he had? The future he envisioned for himself? Well... It wasn't his decision to make anymore. He did everything he could have done... That's all that could really be asked of him in the end. Jackson shuddered as he grabbed at his bandaged arm, feeling the texture of wet bandages. He

whispered. "Was I a good boy?" He could barely hear her, but it sounded like she said yes. The German Shepherd managed to open his eyes again and look back up at Olivia. He could barely see anything now, aside from her blurry silhouette. Funny... Here he was at the end of everything and it wasn't so bad. He had about a million other things he could have been thinking about. Home, his parents, the group, Claire, the war, Sincorp... There was so much he had been thinking about. So many unanswered questions and all those unknowns he had desperately been trying to piece together... But it all felt so small when compared to her... His mistress... Olivia...Jackson used what little strength he could to press his nose into her soft chest fur, taking a long, deep whiff.. Salty, spicy, musky, and warm. Just like he remembered. He felt a smile crease his face and whispered. "I love you....." Before everything faded to white... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
