The town of Wolf-Creek, just off the interstate highway, was usually a quiet town. It was an old community, one that had been built during an era when the coal and oil industry was booming. Though those days were long gone, it still remained relevant as an important link between the east and the west coast. If one were passing through from the west, they would have to go through a massive mountain range. It was a scenic and beautiful drive through the mountains but people were usually hungry and tired by the time they got out. When they did, they would be greeted by a beautiful forested valley and of course, the Town of Wolf-Creek. Wolf-Creek was just the perfect stop for anybody who just got out of the mountains or for anyone who was getting ready to go through. Weary travelers from either side of the country could make a stop there and buy refreshments or stay the night before continuing on their journey. Life was good for the people there and their quiet little town was perfect.

Today however, things were different. That morning, a military convoy had stopped in the town of Wolf Creek and occupied it. These men came in wearing CBRN equipment, riding in trucks loaded with crates of anti-tank weapons as they accompanied dozens armored vehicles through the town square. They blocked off the highway to redirect all traffic through the town, forcing many of its residents from their homes as they did so. The soldiers set up checkpoints along the roads leading through the town from the mountains. Though their occupation had been swift, it did not come easy. Many of the townspeople protested the actions of the military, loudly chanting their constitutional rights were being violated by the government. The only response they got was the army reiterating their orders and threatening to use force to disperse the crowds. Despite the hostilities, none of the townsfolk was too keen on opposing the soldiers. This was especially the case when they began to sense something was going horribly wrong. All of their phone calls were being dropped, internet was down and any questions they asked the soldiers only yielded more questions. The only real indicator of how bad the situation was came from the emergency alert system. The monotone message from the screens instructing citizens to evacuate and head to major population centers which have been secured by the military. It played on every civilian radio frequency, lit up every phone, and filled the screens of every T.V. There was no answer why they should evacuate as well. They were simply told to seek shelter and wait for the government to give the all clear.

The soldiers however were not spared from this lack of information either. They were simply told to mobilize, secure the town, block the highway and make sure any civilians that were attempting to cross through were properly checked. There was no reason as to why they were occupying a small town or the duration of their mission but it was clear that the higher ups were hiding something more insidious from the grunts. Strangely however, they were told to make sure there was nothing off about the women in particular. Any and all female refugees were to be searched when they came into town. If something suspicious was discovered, the soldiers had orders to detain the women and interrogate them without exception. Even those that were clean were ordered to leave their belongings behind and wait for it to be delivered to them at a later time. The female soldiers in the unit were also not spared from the seemingly irrational scrutiny coming from command as well. Male soldiers were told to watch their female counterparts closely and make sure they weren't planning anything. This was a rather easy task considering there were only twenty females in the unit but the orders still felt wrong. When the CO attempted to get more answers, the only response he got was that they were still unsure as to what was happening. They were bluntly told to just do their job and await further instructions.

Soon after the military occupied the town and began screening refugees, several women had been detained for drug possession, though the nature of said narcotic wasn't exactly clear. The soldiers didn't exactly know what to look for either so they were effectively detaining anyone with anything that had any sort of medication regardless. It brought the evacuation to the crawl as dozens of civilians were forced into temporary holding zones. Despite this increasingly tense situation however, the citizens of Wolf-Creek remained despite being told numerous times to leave by the soldiers. After all, with all the refugees coming from the mountain, there was no doubt they would stop in town for a bite to eat or a place to stay the night. To their credit, they were correct and the profits were coming in like no tomorrow. Shops and motels were filled with dozens of weary travelers who used the town's services and bought goods before leaving or staying. This was causing quite a problem for the soldiers because now there were civilians, who were meant to be passing though, staying in the town. This forced the troops to spread out in order to maintain security, leaving some positions understaffed and slowing the evacuation down. Despite this lapse in security however, it did allow them to keep the peace and the townsfolk did offer to cater to the troops so long as they were compensated for their work.

Private Jackson Walker was one of these soldiers who were stationed in the town. Unlike the others however, he was busy guarding a diner by himself. The anthropomorphic German shepherd stood outside the warm afternoon air, listening to the people in the diner eating and making conversations. The smell of sizzling meats and vegetables from inside tickled his sensitive canine nose and the aroma of freshly brewed coffee made him wish he had gotten a cup that morning. He suppressed another yawn through his gas mask and blinked some tears out of his eyes, trying to remain focused on his task. Despite the temptations, he restrained himself from going into the diner and getting a fresh cup of coffee or a bite to eat. He was on duty after all and it would be very unprofessional for him to simply take a break because he felt like it. His orders were to just stand there with his rifle, have his gas mask ready to go, and look like he knew what he was doing. At least that would provide the civilians with a sense of security and order.

Jackson watched as a young human couple entered the diner, dragging their feet a little as they yawned and sat down at a booth. These civilians were exhausted and tired, as if they had been running for a while now like many of the others in the diner. While he stood out there, he was able to pick up on bits and pieces of what they were talking about. He had been eavesdropping on conversations within the diner about what these civilians were running from, trying to piece together what the situation was but it didn't exactly clarify anything. Some said the evacuations were the result of terrorists while others mentioned widespread chemical attacks. Regardless however, it was clear that whatever was happening wasn't exactly localized as these civilians were coming from many different places. A few came from the north, a few from the south and the midwest. Whatever this was, it was nationwide and it was slowly squeezing the population east.

It was also painfully clear that this was a very unconventional enemy but that didn't exactly help either. The lack of information was something that worried him more than anything else. He found it hard to believe that command had no intelligence regarding anything related to a threat this widespread whatever this was. With recon options ranging from satellites to UAVs and even sending men out into the field, the fact that command didn't have a single clue what was going on was very strange. At this point, there were only two reasonable explanations for the lack of information. Either whatever was going on was either so inexplicable they couldn't put it into words, or there was a major breakdown in communications which rendered it impossible for intelligence to be properly relayed. His guess was most likely the latter.

That was when Jackson heard the sound of shattering glassware coming from the diner and sounds of a struggle as a woman within shrieked. He quickly raced into the diner, his rifle raised and ready to confront whoever was causing trouble. Inside, Jackson saw one of the diner's waiters struggling against a man who was fondling her. The attacker grinned at the rabbit woman lecherously, holding her tight as the patrons in the diner watched in silent horror. Jackson raised his carbine, aiming it at the man ready to shoot. “LET HER GO NOW!”

The man glared at him, doubling his efforts on the woman and using her as a shield. “Back off mutt! This ain't your business!”

Jackson almost let out a snarl in response to the man's slur but restrained himself, remaining calm as he took a step forward. “Release the waiter now or I will use force!”

That was when Jackson noticed a hyena in a deputy uniform getting up from one of the booths as she tried to creep up behind the hostage taker. Jackson remained focused on the man however and came up with a plan to keep him distracted. “You have three seconds to comply!”

The man seemed to hesitate but he didn't release the woman. Jackson readied himself. “Three!”

Patrons in the diner began to murmur as some shrank back into their seats in anticipation, a few pulling out their smartphones to film the confrontation. Jackson used his thumb to flick the safety off of his rifle, further distressing the man who was now completely focused on Jackson. “Two!”

The man let out a yelp of pain as he was struck in his side by a nightstick. He loosened his grip on the waiter who was now frantically trying to tear free from his grasp as the deputy tried to restrain him. Jackson reacted immediately, flicking is safety back on before slinging his rifle behind him and running forward. He got in between the woman and the man, forcefully separating the two and getting the waiter behind him. The offender on the other hand had been put in a choke hold, thrashing about as he attempted to break free. Unfortunately, he stumbled backwards onto the hyena, sending them to the ground as he tried to fight his way out of the choke hold. The officer yelled out in surprise but didn't let go and tightened her hold on him. Jackson moved quickly, forcing the attacker off the deputy and pinning him on the ground face first, using his weight to keep the man down while the hyena recovered.

It took a second but the deputy got back on her feet but the two were able to successfully subdue and slap a set of handcuffs on the offender. Jackson let out a sigh of relief and got off the man while the deputy stood the attacker up. The patrons in the diner cheered as the deputy walked the offender out of the diner, taking him to a police car in the front. Jackson on the other hand was focused on the waiter who had just been assaulted. The poor rabbit was shaken up, her dress was ripped and her wrist slightly bruised. She was being walked into the kitchen by the manager who was attempting to calm her down as the patrons resumed their activities as if nothing happened.

Jackson reached for his headset and hit the transmitter. “This is Walker, reporting an incident at Mulligan's diner. One male civilian detained for attempted sexual assault. Over.”

His radio buzzed as the dispatcher came on. “Roger that Jackson, want us to send someone over to deal with it?”

“Negative dispatch, a deputy is dealing with the perp right now. Just calling it in.”

“Copy, over and out.”

Jackson groaned, turning around and making his way to the exit. Just then, the deputy walked back in, halting Jackson in his tracks. The woman was a good three inches taller than him and, while she was quite muscular, was also quite petite. She nodded, offering him a hand which, he accepted. “Thanks for the help back there. That could have ended a lot worse.”

Jackson nodded and the two let go of each other. “No worries ma'am. I'm just doing my job.”

The deputy looked him up and down as she sized him up. “Say, you want something to eat? You've been standing there for hours now, you're hungry aren't you?”

Jackson shook his head but his stomach betrayed him, growling loudly at the thought of a warm meal. He stood still, trying to keep a straight face while the deputy stared at him for a few seconds before snickering as she walked by. “Okay then, whatever you say soldier.”

Jackson's stomach protested again, angry that he was really considering passing up a decent meal. Groaning in frustration, he ignored his feelings and walked back outside and back to his post. Taking up his position again, he took in his surroundings, only to see nothing had changed. He could still hear the people inside, talking and going about their business as if nothing was wrong. The street was quiets his headset chattered on, and he could hear the army loudspeakers in the distance. The only difference now was that the man who the deputy had just arrested rocking the patrol car in front of him, screaming obscenities at the soldier. Jackson's mind however, was much more focused on the deputy he had just met. Though he didn't want to think about it, the thought of her occupied his mind. She was beautiful. Thin yet muscular, petite, and she seemed tough. He scolded himself, demanding to know why he didn't bother to entertain her request or at least get her name.

A few minutes passed before he heard someone exit the diner. Jackson turned around and came face to face with the female deputy who was holding half of a BLT sandwich and a cup of coffee. She waved the sandwich in front of Jackson. “I figured if you can't eat in, I might as well join you out here for a bit.”

Jackson could only watch as the hyena handed him the food before she sat down on the hood of her car, regarding him with her green eyes as she took a sip of her coffee. She smiled at him. “So, you got a name?”

He swallowed a lump in his throat as he lifted his gas mask with a free hand. “It's Jackson. Jackson Walker.”

She nodded and responded. “Charlie Addison.”

Jackson looked her over, trying to come up with something to say as he awkwardly took a bite of his sandwich, savoring its taste. Salty, refreshing, and a hint of sweetness. He paused for a moment, chewing and swallowing before he spoke. “So... How long have you been with the force?”

Charlie set her coffee to the side and started counting her fingers before she looked back at him. “I've been working with Wolf-Creek PD for about three years. Spent my first two working dispatch and the last one as a patrol officer. What about you?”

“I've actually been in the army for about two years now. I was going to get shipped overseas next week.”

She cocked her head with interest. “Oh? Where were you going?”

“I'm not allowed to tell anyone but let's just say it doesn't matter anymore. I'm probably going to be stuck here for a while till this whole thing gets cleared up.”

Charlie nodded, taking a look at her watch before turning back to him. “Say... Are you single?”

Jackson nearly choked on the food in his mouth as it went down the wrong pipe. He coughed for a few seconds, trying to get his act together. “Uhhh... Yeah? Why?”

“You look like the type.” She laughed as she looked him up and down. “Nervous as hell, can barely look me in the eyes without that adorable little stutter of yours. Are you a virgin as well?”

Laughing nervously, Jackson gave a flustered response. “What? No, I uhhh.”

She continued to drink her coffee in front of him, suggestively licking her lips every so often as she spread her legs ever so slightly, giving him a very suggestive look. Jackson could feel his face burning up at the sight of the hyena woman in front of him. His tail started to wag uncontrollably and his legs felt weak as he started to get more and more excited. Charlie relished in his embarrassment, drinking it all in as she admired her work. Giggling a little as she got off her car, she sauntered over to him and put her hands on his shoulders. Jackson could only watch as she put a finger under his chin, forcing him to make eye contact with her. She smirked at his expression. “Why don't we change that right now? Just hop in the patrol car with me and I'll rock your world.”

She leaned in closer and she spoke right into his ear. “I'll take us around the corner and right back here when we're done. Thirty minutes, nobody will even notice you left.”

Jackson wanted to say yes. His heart beat faster and faster in his chest as he processed what was going on in front of him. His mind told him no, but his body told him otherwise. He coughed nervously. “What about the guy inside the car?”

Charlie stared back at the man in the car who was now flipping the two canines the bird. She turned back to him and smirked. “What's wrong? Don't like an audience?”

Jackson shook his head and she frowned. “I'm not up for it. Sorry. I can't leave my post”

She doubled her efforts, grabbing Jackson's hands and forcing him to drop his sandwich as she attempted to make him touch her. He let out a surprised yelp as he tried to break away. “Hey, what the fuck!”

He was easily able to break out of the deputy's grip. She made to grab in again but he ended up shoving her back onto her car, letting out a vicious growl which took her by surprise. She could only stare at him in shock as he glared at her. “Thank you for the lunch, but I think you should leave. Good day deputy.”

Charlie sputtered a bit, trying to say something before she simply turned around and entered her patrol car. The engine started, the car pulled away from the curb, and she drove away down the street. Jackson watched her leave, a mixture of confusion and anger swirling in his mind as he tried to process what just happened.

A few minutes later, his radio buzzed to life and snapped him out of his thoughts. “This is checkpoint one, we've spotted a semi-truck heading our way with a trailer in tow! We've shouted at them to stop but they aren't slowing down! Requesting permission to open fire!”

His radio crackled as his CO came on. “Copy that, open fire on the vehicle and disable it. Do not kill the driver!”

“Roger!”

He then heard the popping of gunfire in the distance. The civilians inside the diner immediately went silent as this happened and Jackson's breath caught in his throat as he listened to it. Then, silence. He let out a small sigh of relief and leaned back against the wall. That was until the radio came back on. “Fuck! We couldn't stop him, our fifty malfunctioned and he smashed through the barricade!”

He heard a frustrated growl over the radio before his CO responded. “Copy that checkpoint one. I need any available patrol units in the area to take down that fucking semi-truck! No explosives! We can't risk collateral damage!”

That was when Jackson heard gunshots and commotion from the next block over, the sound of screeching tires and roaring engines filled the air as the sound of a car chase got closer. Then, he saw it. A semi truck made a hard turn into the street he was on, barely able to make it as it was pursued by a Humvee. It honked at the semi and a loudspeaker demanded the truck to stop, but the driver didn't listen and continued. Jackson raised his rifle, leveling it at the silhouette of the large driver and prepared to squeeze the trigger. That was until shots broke out as the gunner in the Humvee fired his M-240 at the tires of the fleeing truck, popping them and causing the driver to lose control of the vehicle. Jackson dove for cover when this happened and the civilians in the diner hid under their tables as the truck went straight into an old brick building with in a violent crash, sending up dust and debris.

As the Humvee came to a stop not too far away from the crash site, its turret was still aimed at the wreck. The driver and passenger of the Humvee got out, their rifles raised and hiding behind the doors for cover. As if on instinct, Jackson got up and donned his gas mask before raising his rifle, aiming it into the mess. The loudspeaker on the Humvee crackled to life as its passenger ordered the driver of the truck out into the open. Jackson's heart beat faster as he listened and waited, his metallic breath obscuring his hearing as he squinted through the lenses of his mask. Then, he heard it. The sound of one of the truck's doors slowly opening as a large figure stumbled out and crumpled onto the floor. Though it was kind of hard to see, Jackson was easily able to see that the driver was a bear, and a bit on the heavy side. The man, wearing nothing but a set of ragged overalls, walked out slowly and awkwardly, legs held together as if he was trying to hold something in. His face was bruised and his fur was matted in some places, his forehead dripping blood where a nasty gash was. The passenger from the Humvee yelled at the civilian. “DON'T FUCKING MOVE! STAY WHERE YOU ARE NOW!”

The bear didn't listen. He simply got up and limped towards them. Jackson crouched down and raised his carbine, firing a warning shot. The shot barely grazed the driver and hit one of the truck's mirrors. The threat barely phased the bear and he continued to limp over, his arms outstretched as if he was reaching for the soldiers. Jackson could barely hear what the bear said next. “I'm sorry.”

Instantly, the doors of the trailer blew open, as an extreme force from the inside broke them down. Jackson was hit by one of these doors as it flew off its hinges and knocked to the floor, incapacitating. His head spun as he tried to regain his thoughts, barely able to process what was happening as his ears rang from the impact. His body refused to cooperate with him as he laid there limply on the floor. He heard gunfire ring out but it was quickly ended, soon replaced by the screams of civilians and the giggles of women. He was barely conscious enough to comprehend what was happening as he peered out from behind the metal trailer door. At first, he couldn't believe what he was seeing, it was just too absurd to comprehend. Several large figures had jumped out of the trailer of the semi. He couldn't process what or who they were but he could tell they were freakishly large. That was until he heard an explosion somewhere in the town. The sound of it cleared up a bit of the mental fog which shrouded his mind as the sudden realization hit him. He needed to get up, and do his job. Something was happening, and he needed to act.

He strained to try and retake control of his body. Trying to regain control of his senses and process his settings. By now, the picture was becoming clearer, but it wasn't exactly making any more sense than it did before. In front of him were several gigantic figures, all of whom were females of varying species. They were covered head to toe in black, form fitting bodysuits and armor decorated insignia he didn't even recognize. Each one armed with rifles that were almost the same size as him. He didn't move, deciding to play dead and wait till they left. Though he had regained some of his motor functions, he still had enough sense in his disoriented brain to know taking them on was a horrible idea. He couldn't hear what they were saying but it was clear from their gestures that they were a squad about to move out.

The small group of large soldiers went off into the town, their weapons raised and ready to go. All except for one who seemed rather distracted by something in the diner. By now, his senses had fully returned to him and he was able to properly focus on the assailant. She was a large lagomorph of some sort. Her equipment made it clear to him that she was probably spec ops or something of that nature, the black suit of hers emphasized her curves and her very well toned body. He found himself getting a little excited at the sight of her but mentally slapped himself, reminding himself that this was the enemy.

She laughed and hopped over towards the diner out of his vision. He heard her smash through the entrance and let out a few shots, her gun thundering as she shot up into the air, eliciting screams from the patrons inside. Jackson waited a few seconds before he felt safe enough to act. He slowly moved the trailer door off of him, wiggling a little bit and finally moving himself into an angle that let him look at the diner. Besides the smashed front door and the holes in the ceiling, the civilians seemed to be okay, cowering below tables and quieting down. The rabbit however, was much more focused on a male rat she cornered. He was looking at her with a terrified expression, paralyzed by fear as she hunched over him with a hungry grin. Jackson looked at his carbine and then at the rabbit. This peashooter wasn't going to cut it. He needed something bigger to take her down. In the Humvee, the three soldiers that were there had been shot dead and had slumped down where they were standing. Blood trickled off the sides of the Humvee and pooled around their bodies, or what was left of the bodies. They had been nearly blown by the shots, their bits scattered all through the street. Whatever caliber the giants were using, it was huge, probably somewhere in the ballpark of 20mm. The bear they had stopped also lay dead, having been trampled to death when the soldiers had hopped out of the trailer. A viscous white liquid poured out of one of his overall pants in copious amounts. At first, Jackson couldn't put his finger on what it was. It seemed familiar, but he wasn't quite sure of it. That was until he smelled it. It was the scent of lonely, quiet nights. Of pent up hormonal instinct and sexual frustration. He knew exactly what it was. Semen.

He then heard a moan from the diner and turned around, gagging at what he saw. The bunny had stripped the man of his clothing and was now inspecting his ass with a finger, roughly shoving it in as she gauged how tight it was. The rat cried out and begged her to stop, but she just laughed and awkwardly pulled off her own clothes, revealing a massive equine dick. It throbbed with anticipation as it shot out a little bit of pre-cum, bouncing a little as she lined herself up with him. She then proceeded to shove her cock into the man, forcing him down slowly as his insides unwillingly contracted around the member. He tried to scream but it was muffled as she covered his mouth, shushing him and cooing as she worked him up and down her shaft. Jackson could see his body become distended as the assailant roughly forced the rat onto her shaft. The other civilians within the diner screamed, covering their eyes and trying to make themselves as small as possible.

Jackson shook his head with disgust and growled as he climbed onto the Humvee and pushed the dead gunner into the passenger's seat with a dull thump. He grabbed the m240, swiveling it around and pulled the charging handle, chambering a round with a very loud metallic click. The bunny noticed the sound of his machine gun and turned to him in surprise as she frantically tried to grab her rifle. Without any hesitation, he pulled the trigger, hitting her with a burst of machine gun rounds and jerking her backwards. She stumbled a little, trying to regain her senses before Jackson aimed for her knee, firing another burst at her unarmored legs. The shots easily shredded her knee as she let out a scream of pain, stumbling forward and crashing through the diner window onto the street in a shower of broken glass, crushing the man she had impaled under her weight. The civilians who had been cowering took the opportunity to run out of the diner, jostling one another and trampling some as the scrambled to escape. Jackson's attention however was focused on the giantess in front of him. As he looked at her and her sheer size, he wondered how it was possible for her to get so big. That was until she groaned and twitched a little. Jackson let out an angry roar, pulling the trigger and lighting up the street with gunfire. The shots launched shards of bone in every direction and tore bits of meat off her frame, blood splattering all across the street. He kept shooting her until he had completely shot through her back side, breathing heavily as he tried to calm down.

He wanted to rationalize what he was seeing, wondering why that thing decided now would be a good time to rape someone. None of this was making any sense! But his thoughts were soon cut off as he heard an explosion coming from the direction of the bridge. It was now he began to notice the crackle of gunfire and blaring sirens coming from every direction. He looked around and saw smoke coming from multiple locations where he remembered the military had set up checkpoints. Knowing he needed to leave, he pushed the two dead soldiers out of the car, doing his best not to jostle them as he laid them down on the street. He shut the doors to the Humvee and drove off to the closest checkpoint. Along the way, Jackson saw that everything had been wrecked. Destroyed vehicles, dead soldiers and broken barricades littered the street, all torn to shreds and smashed flat. A few attackers laid dead in the street as well but the ratio of dead soldiers to giants made it clear the soldiers had been beaten back. He carefully drove on, keeping an eye out for any potential threats or survivors as he took off his gas mask. He reached for his radio, hitting the transmitter button, only to receive nothing. He took a closer look at the radio and realized it was damaged, likely crushed by accident when he had been hit by the trailer door. He then reached for the Humvee's radio but stopped as he picked up the speaker microphone, realizing that it was broken as well. One of the shots had pierced through the front windshield of the Humvee and tore a big chunk of the radio out, rendering it useless.

He let out a frustrated sigh and tossed the radio out the window before deciding the next best thing to do. That was when he spotted Checkpoint thirteen. He stopped the Humvee at a destroyed checkpoint, stepping outside to take a look at the mess before him. The checkpoint was one of the smaller ones, a simple setup of concrete barriers and a singular Bradley fighting vehicle. The point was just meant to slow traffic and make sure nobody was trying to speed through. All of it was completely destroyed. There were dozens massive holes perforating the Bradley and its turret torn clean off, the chain gun lay a few meters away from the vehicle and the tow missile system had been firmly embedded in a wall. To say the men had been butchered and that was putting it lightly. Most of them seemed to have been ground into a fine paste. A few others had been ripped to shreds, their dismembered body parts scattered all across the road. Jackson nearly threw up at the sight but he walked forwards anyways with his rifle raised, looking for a radio he can pick off of one of the dead.

Jackson moved a few bodies around, checking their gear for a still functional radio to no success. He growled in frustration, knowing he was wasting time. That was until he heard a muffled groan from inside the Bradley. He quickly turned around and flicked his safety off as he went to see who was still alive. Inside the Bradley, the a human soldier sat in the driver's seat, holding his own guts in with both hands. The man coughed and looked at Jackson weakly. “Jackson? Is that you?”

It was Sargent Keetings. Jackson nodded and slung his rifle over his back. He ran over to the dying Sargent, pulling an IFAK from his kit “I'm here sir. I lost by radio and I came here looking for one. What the hell happened?”

Keetings coughed. “Those things... They've killed my men, and now they've killed me. I'm done for.”

Jackson frowned as he pulled out some bandages from the IFAK. “Don't think like that Sargent, I can-”

The Sargent lifted one of his hands from his bleeding stomach to pull a pistol from his belt, aiming it at Jackson. “Leave me! We got orders over the radio to pull back to the town square! At the rate things are going, we're going to lose that point! I'm not losing any more men today!”

Jackson raised his hands up and backed away. “Alright, I'm leaving. You want morphine sir?”

Keetings laughed as he set his pistol down and reached for his radio, tossing it to Jackson. “Nice try Jackson, but I'm too hurt for you to move me anyways. Now go on! MOVE!”

Jackson ran back out of the Bradley and scrambled into the Humvee. As he drove away, he listened to the radio chatter which had erupted into full blown chaos. There were dozens of voices over the channels, some of them reporting enemy contacts or requesting reinforcements. A few of them however were the sounds of moaning and gurgling noises. Jackson shuddered when he heard it and switched it off, not too keen on listening anymore. Communications were compromised and the next best thing he could do is go to the town square like the Sargent told him to. The bridge was there and it was the most fortified location in town, meant to serve as a fall back location should their perimeter defenses be breached. Unfortunately, that's where the majority of the fighting seemed to be taking place. He could hear the roar of machine guns, the screeching of rockets and the occasional sound of a tank cannon being discharged in that direction. Jackson was fearful of going there but he collected himself and drove towards the town square anyway. It was the only way out.

 ---

Though Jackson had seen a lot on his way to the firefight, he realized just how bad things were when he got there. The main checkpoint at the bridge checkpoint had been destroyed and the troops were starting to pull back to the other side of the ravine. A giant smoldering crater sat in the middle of the CP and bits of what used to be the barricade were scattered about. The scorched remains of a watchtower and prefabricated walls lay uselessly on the road alongside flattened machine gun nests. The nearby sheriff's office where they had placed the detained women also was breached. However, in addition to the armored giants with guns running out of the station, there were nude giants too. While some of these unarmed ones attacked the men with their bare hands or ran for cover, the ones that had equipment took positions on the east side of the town square and shot at the soldiers defending the bridge. On the other end of the ravine, there were soldiers evacuating civilians as the troops at the bridge entrance desperately fought against the threat to buy evacuees some time. The men were doing their best to fight back as they fired their carbines at the giantesses to very little effect. Their muscle mass and the thickness of their bodies were simply too much for the light caliber bullets to actually hurt them. Not to mention the armor they were wearing basically made them into living tanks.

Occasionally, the men would get lucky, sometimes managing to wound a giantess by shooting her through a weak spot in their armor with heavy weapons or blowing them to bits with rockets but it wasn't enough. The women were easily winning the fight with their larger weapons and strength despite the numerical advantage of the troops. They tore apart APCs and tanks with their bare hands, out- maneuvered defenses and killed the soldiers with unprecedented speed and skill. They used the buildings for cover and lobbed grenades the size of bowling balls at the entrenched troops, blowing them apart or displacing them into open ground to be mowed down. The defensive line was falling apart and fast.

Meanwhile, on the highway, the troops were putting up a better fight but it was obvious it also wasn't going to hold. The highway provided a clear line of sight for the tanks and the bridge served the perfect bottleneck to keep the giants back but they couldn't stay. After all, if the soldiers in the town were overrun, the giants could cross over the ravine and flank their positions on the highway. Jackson knew that the bridge and the section of the highway that extended over the ravine had been wired to blow. If they were detonated, he would definitely be stranded there along with any of the poor bastards that got left behind. He didn't want to think about what the enemy would do to him.

He slammed his foot on the accelerator, driving the Humvee into the fight. The roar of the engine added into the cacophony of gunfire, shouting, screaming, and laughing. Burning wrecks, carcasses and craters covered the once pristine town square and some of the surrounding buildings have been reduced to rubble in the fighting. Tracer rounds sailed all around the car and the flashes from explosions filled his vision as he just kept driving. There wasn't much he could do here anyways.

Driving through the destroyed checkpoint and narrowly avoiding his comrades, he stopped at the other side of the bridge to try and assess the situation. Things were just as chaotic there however as they were on the other side. Civilians were trying to crowd into the transport trucks and the soldiers were trying to keep them calm but it clearly wasn't working. A few civilians made a run for it and some had started fighting among each other for spots on the transports. Some soldiers stayed in their sandbag fortifications and continued to fight against the giants, shouting profanities at the enemy as they let loose with machine guns and mortars. All the while, military and civilian vehicles were peeling off onto the highway. Jackson shouted to a fox soldier that was loading a truck up with civilians. “HEY! WHERE'S THE CO?! WE'RE GETTING OUR ASSES KICKED OUT THERE!”

The soldier shrugged and shouted back. “I DON'T FUCKING KNOW! EVERYTHING'S GONE TO SHIT AND NOW WE'RE LEAVING!”

Considering the fact they were getting overrun, it wasn't a bad idea. The soldiers in the town square were starting to pull back, fighting as they retreated over the bridge. Everyone was making a break for it. Just then, two soldiers, a chocolate Labrador with no weapon and a tiger with a pistol, jumped into the Humvee. The Labrador hopped into the passenger seat and buckled himself in while the tiger got into the turret, turning it around and firing at the other side of the bridge in an attempt to hit the enemy. Before Jackson could question them, the Labrador shook him back to his senses. “Alright man, get us the fuck out of here!”

Jackson obeyed and slammed his foot on the pedal, right behind a small convoy of vehicles that were going onto the highway. He drove past the civilians and transport trucks, down the road and towards the main highway, following the other vehicles as they began to drive away from the battle. Behind him, there were dozens of retreating soldiers and civilians who were clamoring into vehicles in a desperate struggle for survival. All of which became smaller and smaller before they disappeared from his vision. Then, he heard two massive explosions from behind him, followed two pillars of smoke rising over the treeline from the direction of Wolfcreek. The plan had gone off without a hitch. The bridge and the highway were successfully destroyed, stalling the enemy advance. They would have some time to breath before the enemy found a way around or built a way over the ravine.

The sound of fighting began to die down as the trio got further away, heading east on the highway towards a Riverside. A dense forest flanked both sides of the highway and one could easily see down the road for miles until it turned. Ahead of them, there were three troop transport trucks filled with civilians and a mine resistant ambush protected vehicle at the front of the convoy, escorting them. The gunner of the MRAP swerved its turret m2 browning around to get a good luck at the new addition before turning back around. Jackson got a good look at the MRAP, dozens of scorch marks covered the thick armored plating and he could see dozens of jagged scratches all over the vehicle. Jackson got behind the convoy, assuming the position of rear guard. The day was starting to close, the sun was setting in the west and casting light as it slowly dipped over the mountains. The light illuminated the civilians which were sitting inside the truck, dozens of blank and sullen faces stared at Jackson as he drove behind them. The labrador let out a sigh and he looked at the others. “My name is Annikin. What about you guys?”

Then the tiger introduced himself. “Private Parker.”

Jackson nodded as he looked at the other two soldiers and realized they had different insignia on their uniforms. “I’m Private Jackson Walker. Thirty first armored combat brigade. Where did you two come from?”

“I'm a reservist for the national guard. I couldn't get in touch with my CO before the phones went down so I just decided to stay in town and help out. Brone over there- “ Annikin turned around and looked at Brone who was still in the gunner's seat. “-is part of the marines? Am I right?”

“Yep, and that’s all you need to know. ” Brone then ducked back down into the car. “Anyhow, where the hell are we going?”

Jackson shook his head. “I don't know, my radio was shot to hell and I didn't get a new one before we bugged out. Couldn't find my superior officer either so I got nothing. What about you Annikin.”

“Nope, I don't have any orders as well. I was more focused on not getting my head blown off.”

Jackson growled and threw his head back. “Whelp, anyone got an idea of what we do now?”

“We should head to Riverside.” Brone suggested as he looked at the road leading east. “I overheard a conversation my commanding officer had on the radio. Something about consolidating our forces in the city to cover for an evacuation but I couldn't hear it clearly. If we're going to do any good, we have to go to the city.”

The chocolate Lab shook his head. “Dude, did you see what happened back there! It was a fucking massacre! We need to hide man, we'll just get picked off if we go to the city.”

The two began to argue about what to do next, going back and forth on what the best course of action was. It increased in volume as they continued on and on before it eventually devolved into barbed retorts. Jackson decided to tune them out, trying to come up with an actual plan rather than try to deal with the two. He took a moment, mulling the options over in his head before he realized something. The rest of the evacuees weren't there. Sure, they were some of the last ones out but where were the others that were meant to follow them? Something was clearly wrong and he knew it. An eerie sensation began to fill his core but he kept his composure, turning to the two soldiers. They were starting to get on his nerves. “Alright you two, that's enough!”

This got the two soldiers to stop bickering and he continued. “You both are right. We can't afford to risk our lives going to the city but at the same time we can't just abandon our duties.”

Brone growled. “So what now? Do you have a plan?”

Jackson nodded. “Hear me out first alright. We go until we are about two miles out from the city. From that point, I'll stop the convoy and take a few soldiers to scout out the city. If it's still standing by the time we get there, we come back and get the convoy there. Otherwise, we head to the nearest military base we can find. We get there, regroup with whoever, and we carry on from there.”

Brone let out an exasperated sigh. “Well, I guess that's a better idea than just running away.”

He spat the last part of the sentence out with a venomous tone, clearly directing it at Annikin who remained silent for a moment before he responded. “Alright, I guess the idea is alright, but if we run into trouble, don't expect me to stick around. I'm not too keen on becoming a fuck toy for one of those... things.”

Jackson sighed and held up his radio. “Someone get on the short wave and contact the MRAP,

we should tell them the plan.”

Brone responded. “Sure, I'll tell them the plan.”

He took the radio from Jackson and began to talk the lead vehicle. As he did so, Jackson and Annikin remained silent and let the tiger do his thing. That was until Jackson noticed a glint coming from the treeline. His breath caught in his throat when he realized what it was. “SNIPER!”

An fireball engulfed the MRAP as an explosive was set off, blowing the vehicle to bits and bringing it to a halt. The transport trucks slammed their brakes when the bomb went off, jostling the civilians inside. The first one crashed into the MRAP wreck and violently tossed the civilians inside to the truck bed. The other trucks others managed to swerve out of the way of the wreck and so did Jackson as he banked the car to the right, only to end up in the sniper's line of fire. Another flash lit up the woods and the shot hit the Humvee, tearing through the engine. The shot caused Jackson to lose control of the vehicle and crash into the road barrier on the left. It was a hard collision and it flung Brone from the back of the humvee into the front dashboard with a violent crunch as he slammed face- first into it. Annikin and Jackson were fortunately buckled up, stopping them from slamming their faces into the dashboard but both were dazed from the crash, their bodies aching from the whiplash. There was sound of coolant hissing out of the vehicle's engine and a harsh ringing in Jackson's ears as he tried to recollect his thoughts. He couldn't see anything but he could hear everything, civilians screaming, panicked shouts, machine guns and sniper fire. The smell of smoke and gunfire wafted into the car as the fighting outside increased in tempo. He felt a small trickle of warm liquid on his hand, jerking it away from the source and looking at his hand. Blood. At this point, Jackson came to his senses and realized that Brone was in the front of the car, his forehead was bleeding profusely and he wasn't moving. Jackson shook the still soldier as he put his fingers to his neck, trying to feel for a pulse and get him to wake up. “Brone!”

Brone didn't respond, but he was still alive and breathing. Jackson turned to Annikin who was just now coming out of his daze. “Shit man! Get up! We need to move! Now”

Before Annikin could respond however, another shot was heard and a bullet smashed through the glass window on the passenger side. It came in at a perfect angle, scratching the right side of Annikin's face, sending a blast of blood and glass at Jackson as the bullet whizzed by him and smashed through the driver's door. Annikin screamed as he twitched in his seat, holding his bloodied face in agony before he fell onto the dashboard and passed out. Jackson was in shock, feeling the trickles of Annikin's blood sliding down his face. Outside, he saw a couple of people running into the woods, while dozens of men, women and children hid behind the wrecks, too afraid to move. The bodies of several soldiers laid out on the highway, having literally been torn apart by the sniper's shots, their innards and body parts spread across the ground like a pulpy jam. It was simply too much to process at once. His breathing began to become shorter and more rapid as he started to hyperventilate. He just wanted everything to stop.

Jackson shook Annikin in a vain attempt to get him up but he didn't respond. Annikin was bleeding too much, blood trickled off of his head and onto the floor of the humvee. He would have continued his attempt but the sound of thunderous footsteps made his blood freeze in his veins. Jackson realized whoever had ambushed the convoy was coming and instinct took control back from his mind. His body went into autopilot and he opened the driver's door, jumping out and attempting to grab his rifle which had gotten wedged in the driver's seat during the crash. Unfortunately, the sound of footsteps got louder and so did the laughing, there wasn't enough time to free the carbine. Jackson pulled out his m9 beretta and pointed it in the direction of the approaching enemy, only for the butt of an oversized rifle to hit him in the face. He managed to fire off a shot and heard the sound of the bullet glancing metal as he fell face-first on the asphalt, dropping his pistol in the process. His vision was blurry but he did see the outline of a gun in front of him and made a grab for it but a set of hands grabbed him by the legs and hoisted him upside down, causing him to come face to face with a very large penis. The musky, mushroom capped tip throbbed a little as his hot breath touched it but it was compared to the heat that radiated from it. He could smell the salty sweat coming off of it, the musty scent overwhelming his sensitive nose. Jackson growled and used his arms in an attempt to push himself away but one of the hands from this enemy soldier simply let go of one of his legs and grabbed the back of his head. Forcefully shoving his face into her cock, his attacker moaned a little as she rubbed him against her length, pressing his face into her balls as she made him work her shaft. It twitched against him, the thick pillar of meat slapping against his cheek as its owner giggled. “Awww, look! He likes you!”

She laughed as she used her index finger and thumb to forcefully pry open his mouth. Before she could shove her dick in however, a voice rang out from the forest. “Jess! Quit fucking around there! Get the civilians secured and help me clean up the road before more come!”

This Jess let out a groan. “Alright, fine!”

She pulled him up by the leg until he was face to face with a red squirrel who gave him a devious smile. “We're going to have lots of fun tonight.”

Jackson spat in her eye and she growled with disgust, using her free hand to punch him. His head rang from the blow and he felt something come loose as the taste of iron filled his mouth. He spat a tooth out along with some blood, coughing a little and trying to get a hold of his senses. The giantess dropped him on his head, further disorienting him and dragged him along on the asphalt. The last thing he saw was a fox giantess in a ghillie suit holding the civilians at gunpoint.

---

 Thanks to Jay the Redpan, ScaredGhost, ReddyFish, GCK(Tempeljaeger), and Zofia for helping me edit this chapter

