It wasn't particularly like Trace wanted to sleep rough, but given he was trying to stay in town a little longer, he didn't have a ton of choice in the matter. Besides, if he found somewhere remote and quiet where girls didn't prowl, he could make his way around town and get resources a ton better. Well, that was if he found somewhere safe. Unfortunately, dogs have a great sense of smell, especially for vulnerable little felines with not enough sense to protect themselves from being used for their true purpose - a supple, stretchy cocksleeve fit to serve and stretch around fat dog-cock. Hailey isn't selfish, either; she's a good, caring alpha, and giving her pack a share of her lovely new toy? That's just one of her duties. She could always catch another if this one broke, after all. CONTENT WARNINGS Non-consensual sex, large size differences (5'7" to 22'+), hyper cock sizes, cum inflation, cum through, quad amputation, ear penetration, skullfucking, mindbreak, musk, sweat, scentplay, excessive drool, biting, watersports, watersports inflation, > 13:20 ur already insane staying in town for so long haha u really want to go there? ur gonna be puppy chow > 13:21 Lol you think? I'll be fine heh > 13:21 i heard theres gang of them there lol u wont last a day man > 13:22 You worry too much lol It's not like I'm gonna be there that long they wont find me > 13:23 ill pour 1 out 4 u later then ur funeral Trace poked his tongue out at the screen of his phone, thumbed his nose. Even if the person on the other side of the screen couldn't see him, it softened a bit of the bubbling frustration. At least, enough to pop it back in his pocket and continue down the quiet, early morning road. What did he know, anyway? He hadn't heard anything about gangs hanging out in the older parts of the slums. And until they redeveloped that part of town, it was a ton safer than hiding out where-ever that bum found. And it was still dark, anyway. For the most part.

Dusting off his jeans and pulling up his hood, the 5'7 housecat let his little legs continue through the parts of town long since abandoned. Sure, sometimes people came around these parts to take out their frustrations on the ruins, but there wasn't anywhere the big girls could stay. Smaller girls could fit in one of the warehouses, maybe? Or hang about in some of the abandoned construction sites, but... Why would you? That's why he felt safe squeezing through the bars of a rusting security fence and trotting his way into the probably abandoned site. By the looks of it, construction was either on hold, or abandoned. There was a steel framework for the starts of a building and some scattered construction supplies, and more importantly, hopefully somewhere quiet to rest. Still, though... There was an unpleasant scent lingering. It wasn't quite chemical, and it was kind of familiar, musty... but he couldn't place it. ... Eh. He'd stayed in worse smelling places. His gaze swivelled back and forth, taking in the sheer scale of everything. Something that no matter how many years went by, he couldn't quite get used to. At the very least, it meant more things worked as shelter; and the concrete drainage pipes stacked to one side of the site looked remote enough and secure enough to work. And as a bonus, he could probably clamber up some rubble to get to the damp-free upper pipes. And, did! Spacious, breezy, and a bit of concrete was worn away in the middle almost begging him to put his stuff there to settle in for the night with. "Find what you were looking for there, little one?" Trace's ears twitched the moment he set his bag down. A low growl, a deep and husky voice, seeping into his ears. He darted up from his kneel - too late, though. Turning around, he found himself greeted by a face... and a paw, reaching towards him. Before he could scrabble away, thick black claws and paw-pads coiled around his chest, enveloping him in someone's grip. Someone able to scoop him up with ease, despite his wriggling and squeaks of complaint. He shuddered, struggled, as a soft, taunting chuckle filled his ears. Scratching at digits thicker than his arms, he didn't quite understand the futility of his resistance yet. The reveal, however, set him quiet as a mouse. Lifting her latest catch in front of him, the 22' and change Doberman would look him up and down. One hand rested on her hip, the other held him close enough to make his nose burn with her pungent scent. Dense, humid dog-breath enveloped his face, filled his sinuses, making his lips curl and his nose turn. Yet all she did was curl her tongue over her shiny, onyx lips, sharp canines digging over her bottom lip. The vivid crimson of her irises set inside glistening black sclera only served to still his heart into further submission, ensuring not a peep escaped him as her thumb-claw grazed up and down his body. Ruffling and wrinkling his clothes as she considered... something. Long enough for him to find his voice, at least. "P-put me down! You reek - I didn't know this was your territory, so just -" His protest came out as little more than an impotent squeak... But she heard it, regardless. Not that he noticed,

nor did he notice the pause of her eyes or the slight curl of a smirk dissipate the moment the insult left his lips. "- Lemme go, you stinky mutt -" "Wow, you're stupid, huh?" A now deeply unamused growl replaced the originally teasing tone, growing closer and seeping into his skull. "Do you not think about where you are, silly lil' kitten? I stink, huh?" "Y-yeah! All dogs do, you especially, your br-" Along with a snort of derision, he found his face smothered in her cleavage; thumb digging into the back of his head and pressing him into the dense, musk-laden fur between her tits. Turning, she rested back against the pipe, untying her jacket from her waist and quickly following it by unbuttoning her shorts. A short thrust was all she needed to free the fat tube of musky flesh her clothing contained, spilling free into the open air along with the sweaty spheres crammed in beneath. "Ya know, cat, I was just gonna get some stress out. Let you experience the thrill of havin' a superior canine like your girl Hailey give your rag of a body some use, then toss ya' back on your way... But..." Her voice spilled in a slow drawl, just barely concealing the hint of anger bridling in her chest. Her hand pulled him free of her tits, guided him down while he gasped and coughed, spitting out fur and scraping his tongue over his teeth - she'd stuffed plenty of her reeking, sweat-stained fur in his mouth in the process of interrupting him. "Gotta make a lil' thing like you know it's place beneath us canines, don't I? Clearly, nobody taught ya 'til now." She didn't allow him the luxury of a response. Immediately, she stuffed him right up against the twin swells of musk-laden flesh; rubbing his snout right in the damp, glistening skin and stroking him upwards to rest his muzzle in the crook between her sac and her sheath. Having him stew in her scent would probably fix him right quick, she figured. From there, a quick turn before letting the girls have a turn... The pack were getting a touch pent up with no good toys to vent out their frustrations, she could tell. Trace, on the other hand, squirmed. If the stink of this mutt calling herself 'Hailey' offended his nose before, being stuffed in her crotch made his stomach downright turn. His hands scrabbled, shoved, pawed at her sac, and the only result was feeling it shift and sway between her spread legs. All it really seemed to do was coax pleased growls from above, his little arms serving as little more than a gentle tease to her. But his head swum - he could barely breathe, and the 'air' inside his lungs felt like a veritable ocean to him. With how soupy and dense the fog of her musk was coming off her crotch, it barely felt like he was breathing oxygen at all. Given she made sure his face was being smothered right up against her skin, nose buried in sodden fur... Maybe he wasn't. The more she rubbed him in, the more the heavy, heady, sour scent intoxicated him. Head swimming, vision blurring, tears seeping from the corners of his eyes, rolling down his cheeks. Dampening his fur with more than just the sweat that wicked into the fluff of his muzzle... Until he felt something other than just fur. With his mind so addled, he hadn't been perceiving what he saw for some time. But with a blink to clear his eyes, his gaze settled on something shiny and glistening. A reddish-pink tip peeking out of her sheath above him, and steadily, slowly, a tapered length spilling free against her hand, and against his body. Inch by inch, foot by foot. Slick and slimy from the stewed sweat of her sheath, and when he had his lips smeared in to it, he felt himself

involuntarily gag against her. In response, a sharp cackle. She clearly did not care. In fact, with how Hailey intentionally ground the swell of her cock over his muzzle and smeared the thin layer of slime off on him, she was probably getting off on his disgust. "Grrh... How's that, kitty? Still think I was 'stinky' before?" She sneered, lips curled over her teeth in a bemused, menacing grin. Tail wagging, thumping against the concrete loud enough he could hear. All the while, Trace desperately kept his lips shut, so desperately trying to avoid tasting more of her sweat. Even as he felt the slime seep into his nose and ooze down the back of his throat, the vile taste spreading up the back of his tongue. "No matter how much you scrub or shower, that scent ain't comin' out, either. Gonna be marked as dog property, just like ya should. Fits you better anyway, toy." One buck of her hips was all it took to steal every drop of his oxygen. Compressing him against the swell of her throbbing mast and her paw, she forced a strained, airy scream out of him. Perfect for finally getting that cocktease's maw around her dick. A faint, puppy-like whine pushed out of her throat, as she smeared her sweat directly into his, enjoying the feeling of that tiny, wriggling muscle pinned beneath the mass of her spire. And the way he shuddered? That served as the last bit of encouragement she needed to free the swell of her uninflated knot of her sheath, digging it into his lower stomach. Now she was fully hard, both Hailey and Trace could take in the sheer difference in size between them. The dripping tip crested well over his head now, his thighs straddling her sweaty sac, nestled in and mashed up against against the underside of her cock, tongue still rubbing into her cumvein. Even if he stood on her nuts and measured himself up against her, her cock would probably only be a couple inches shorter than him; the perfect height to rub her tip into his lips. "Mmmrf... Just think, you're gonna take aaaaallll of that, toy. And I'm not even the biggest in the pack. Glad I'm gettin' a turn on you first; Myla's gonna break you to pieces," Her taunting trailed into a harsh cackle, almost a continual cacophony of excitable barks as she bounced him on her lap. Another thrust, ribs creaking, head spinning and vision blurring and blackening with the lack of oxygen... And he was free. "W-what- Ah- What the fuck-" Trace spluttered and gasped for air, but not before reaching up to scrape at his tongue. Spitting, coughing, the taste of her clung to his tongue like glue, refusing to leave his maw even as drool spilled from his chin. He almost choked on it with surprise when her claw interrupted him by tearing a in the back of his jeans and hoodie, hooking down through layers of fabric to completely expose his fluffy, adorably bubbly butt. "H-huh - What are you- AH! No! S-stop it, you dumb mutt-! You can't put that in me-" "Wanna bet? Just watch, lil' kitten..." Hailey practically breathed out the words as she lifted him to crest her tip, her grip making his chest creak. Body straining under the pressure, he was forced to straddle the pointed, canid cock proudly jutting from her hips at full mast. Throbbing, pulsing, oozing, precum trickling down the crevice of his rear in prodigious enough quantity to easily slicken the tiny boy-hole her tip nestled into. Then, down. Repeated bucks of her hips rolled over his hole, crested underneath his tail before gliding back down to nestle back in. Steady, insistent. Stretching him bit by bit, savouring the panicked wriggling and struggling. The way his hands scrabbled and pulled at her fingers, trying desperately to get her to let go... All futile, of course. Her tongue rolled over her teeth, lips curled back in a sadist's grin, revelling in the experience of his hole giving

way for her, and making sure to hold him just a little stiller each time. Making sure he knew that she would stretch him whenever she wanted to, and the only reason doggy dick wasn't already burrowed in his guts was entirely thanks to the fact she wanted to take her time. Well, he should have known. "Stupid! It's not gonna fit! Get a clue, you filthy mutt, are you BLIND?" Trace squeaked and yipped. Just as lippy. Oh, it was going to feel good with her cock crushing his lungs. He wouldn't have a choice but to shut his stupid mouth then. With a groan, she started that process. His insides had no choice but to part for her tip; steadily stretching and straining outward for the narrow but quickly widening taper. Each inch first spread his hole, then his hips. His already torn clothing tightened and squeezed on his form as the seams creaked and begun to split. Rrrrip - along the sides of his thighs, around his middle. Fat as a barrel, she stuffed herself into the slender feline with reckless abandon, shifting one of her hands to wrap around his thigh and literally drag him down by it. For Trace, the feeling was like nothing else - mind-wracking, straining his body so much his mind struggled to understand the feelings as pain. Screaming, squealing; as his pelvis shifted apart and his hips parted, each throb and pulse of her heartbeat felt like it was trying to work his own. He could feel her fingers spreading and parting - not for his scrabbing hands, but to make room for the shape of her cock bulging his stomach out. Her digits pinned his little sheath, smushed his comparatively tiny cock against his body, all while her own tip nestled up inside his ribcage. Spreading his ribcage out, stretching his stomach between his lungs and finally stealing his breath, forcing the air out in one last desperate squeal. And from there, he was forced to watch in horror as his fur deformed and stretched before him, steadily being reshaped into a doggy cock-sleeve. Hailey's hand slipped from his thigh the moment it became unnecessary, moving instead to cup her cock-bulge. Her lips parted in a soft, pleasured pant, and her tongue lolled over grinning lips, massive droplets of drool splashing down onto his head. Sin, he was a good find. So tight. Her fingers dug into his thinly stretched fur, dragging him down until his spread apart hips rested atop the swell of her uninflated knot. Unfortunately for him, he was so enjoyable, she could feel it thickening and swelling and pinning his thighs against her digits further with every second. "Oooh... See, you're so much better servicing me like this, dogtoy! So small and useless, look at you... Just a tiny, stretchy cockwarmer, now. I wonder how much cum you can fit? Will you pop?" She crooned, starting to drag him up and down like she would a fleshlight, hammering him against her knot. Always, every time, grinding and twisting his body. She dragged back enough occasionally that he could gasp for air in his crushed lungs, supply his spinning mind with wisps of oxygen before slamming him back down and arching her back in pleasure. Her knot dug in against his thighs, strained and throbbed against his struggling, already ruined hole. But she could only keep up the pretence of gloating and preening for so long. She was very pent up, after all. And he was making such a wonderful cocksock. The sneering and the gloating begun to give way to more... primal, base behaviours. She stopped bothering to taunt him, for one. Instead, she leaned back on one arm, panting and

starting to whine. Growls spilling in her lust, her tail thumping and wagging against the concrete. Her muscular hips twitched, bucked, hand constricting and grinding him down against the swell of her rapidly inflating knot. This position wouldn't do. This wasn't how good dogs buried their bones. Hailey suddenly pushed away, instead twisting around and slapping her hand down on the inside of the pipe. She leaned in, pushed the housecat's body down, smearing him into the warm, pre-dampened concrete. And once in position with mouth agape in a lewd, dripping pant, began to rut. Hips pumping, bucking, slapping against the tiny male's adorable, twitching thighs. It was a little difficult to lean down like that, but... By craning her head between her tits, she managed to drag her slobbery tongue around the bulge of her fat, prespewing cock, the one that was outlined so perfectly in the tiny male's hide. Over his face, tasting the pre that was starting to spill up the back of his throat as his jiggly, stuffed stomach found itself filled to capacity. Especially given her paw barely gave his little body room to swell. And her knot was about to make that a whole lot worse. With her strength, it was just a matter of forcing it in. No warning but a simple snarl, before her muscular thighs popped the fat, twin clefts of her knot past his hips. Dislocating them with ease and forcing a desperate, gurgling scream up from his cum-burbling throat. It felt like she was pushing a wrecking ball into his ass, hard as iron and hot as a stove. With just the knot, he looked pregnant - the throbbing swell of meat pulsing in his guts, stretching his hips even further apart as her whiny snarl spilled into a lust-drunk howl, echoing through the pipe and utterly filling his ears. Worst of all, was her load. Even with his face smushed into his bulging skin, her tip crested far past his face - he could still see each pulse of cum gush up the length of her cumvein beneath him and gush from her tip. It deformed his skin with each rope, the pressure using him like as a condom and sending ripples of body-wracking pain through the entirety of his stretchy frame. All of that cum simply flooded him - sagging and sloshing inside his stomach, rounding and padding out the bulge of her cock and knot, squishing between her stroking, squeezing digits. And of course, up his throat. He couldn't breathe. Each gush came flooding up with retching, convulsing gags, spilling over his lips and between his teeth. Again and again, rising in the back of his throat, filling his sinuses and running down his cum-smeared face, rolling over his tongue, cresting his lips and running in rivulets down the sides of his bulging torso. Ten seconds passed. She panted, whined, hips pumping and humping, grinding him down eagerly. She didn't stop. Twenty, his head spun, unable to stop himself from desperately trying to gasp for air... and getting a lungful of slimy dog-spunk in his airways for the trouble. He couldn't control the resulting convulsions, his body involuntarily working and pleasuring the orgasming dog further in the process, and still contracting and rippling with his struggle. Thirty, his vision spun, sparkled. He could feel her load tapering, he thought. Ropes slowing, bulging his frame not quite as far. But he still couldn't breathe. His vision blurred, his head

throbbed with the pain of the lack of oxygen. She wasn't going to asphyxiate him on her cum, was she? She'd notice, right? He pawed, whimpered. Tears rolled down his cheeks, mixing with her seed. He pulled at her hands, tugged at digits and claws. But all she did, was use her thumb to mash his head down into the mess of cum sticking to body. It didn't take a genius to figure out why. Even though she'd stopped orgasming and dragged herself back to her feet with a tender whimper... He was still sloshing and sagging with the bounty of her load, her cock simply taking too much space to allow him to stop throwing up her seed long enough to breathe. "Oooh... I'm such a good doggy..." The haze of Hailey's voice seeped through the halfconscious fog of Trace's spinning mind. Her hand ran along the outline of his sloshing, wobbling stomach... Then wrapped around him again and squeezed. It was like he was being wrung out like a cloth. Squeezed like a ketchup bottle. The sensation summoned his flagging consciousness back to the fore in painful clarity. Making sure he could experience the sensation of his throat billowing, muscles strained to their limits with the quantity of her load. In a grand spray, his maw and nostrils fountained, his head swimming with her scent and taste. All before... he could breathe. The resulting pain, however, was something else. The feeling of his bones compressing, squeezed down until they creaked against the mast of her spire. While wisps of oxygen filled his lung, his muscles gave a few last twitches and his mind a few last sparks... and slumped into spent, pain-shocked unconsciousness. The next time Trace came to, his whole body ached. Voices filled the air all around, and every other second pain jolted up his back and through his exhausted frame. His hips were crashing and slapping against... something. The taste of cum lingered on his tongue, on the back of his throat - The reason became clear as he gagged and sputtered, throat pressure-washed by a fresh load of dog-cum. The reason that taste was so strong, and the reason why his hips ached just like he had a pillar stuffed up his behind. It was because he did have a slab of cockmeat stuffed into his guts. It was rearranging his insides and pounding his stomach up into his chest, and the fat tip bulged his skin far past his snout. His stomach sagged and sloshed with hot dog-cum, constantly making him retch and gag on the pressure building in his stomach and flooding mouthfuls of dog-slime over his lips, splattering onto his bare, black-furred chest. At some point, they'd clearly stripped him of the remnants of his clothes. On top of that, he could feel splashes of liquid raining over his head, adding to the scents and tastes overwhelming his mind. A glance up told him why - an unfamiliar canine with a shock of ocean-blue hair bouncing over her white-furred muzzle. Tongue lolling past shiny black lips, dripping with tepid dog-drool that splattered over his face. All slimy, gross and thick, just like the rest of the fluids he was being covered and filled with. Again and again, the bulge of a pillar of meat encased in his flesh rushed past his snout, as his body rolled up and down, as if he was weightless. And to the panting blue, black and white border collie, he may

as well have been. She felt even larger inside him than the last one, thicker, longer, stretching his taut orange and black-furred hide to its limits, leaving him to watch as powerful spurts of precum gushed against his insides hard enough to make a visible spurt in his skin. Up, and then sloshing down, into his sagging and bloated middle that dimpled between the dog-girl's constricting claws. The pressure was what made sure every last drop came gushing out of his gaping hole, or spilling over his agape lips. It just had nowhere else to go. "... Tryittryittryitguys! Feels SO good - ohmygosh - so tight and stretchy and he twitches and every time I slam him against my knot he just - arfffh - mmmfh!" Spilled the rapid, excitable pant and yips, the conversation finally filtering into his ears. About him, apparently. All of a sudden, though, she was mashing him against the bulbous swell at the base of his cock, twisting and shoving on his body, making him gurgle as he tried to force hoarse screams from vacant lungs. The collie's blue brows furrowed, tongue slipping to one side of her droolslickened muzzle in intense focus as she stretched him around her knot, straining and gaping his hole. Until, with a sickening squelch and slurp, his guts swallowed the massive sphere, stuffing his entire lower half in the shape of a throbbing bulb for the second time that day... to his knowledge. And the collie practically barked in pride, tail wagging and thumping against her seat, "... Looklooklook, guys! I did it! See, you thought he was gonna tear apart, but he didn't! That means I can knotfuck him, right? You promised! Pleasepleasepleaaase?" Hailey cackled and simply nodded in approval from the next to her around the barrel-fire, watching her pack-member immediately wrench him back up the the length with a noisy, wet schlurp from his insides in response. And, just as immediately, slammed him back down, starting a furious pace of body-wrecking knot-fucking. Another dog - an afghan hound pale pink fur and with long, straight, beautifully flowing hair cascading down her face - basked on the ground in front of the depraved show. Resting on her side, her head resting in the palm of her hand, twirling the darker pink of the lower half of her hair around her claw. She watched with idle fascination, tail wagging in excitement, and if his focus wasn't taken by the knot trying to turn his guts inside out with the sheer size of it, he might have realised the fascination was because she was next in line. "Right? Just crawling in one of those old pipes doing Sin-knows-what. Stupid little thing couldn't even tell the whole place was marked as our territory, apparently! Still surprises me how much worse the noses are of things like it," Hailey yawned, before sitting up and leaning over to the collie. She casually wrapped her hand around the mast of cockflesh, crushing his thinly wrapped skin down and coaxing a tender whimper from the needy collie. Who immediately bucked up into her hand, making eager use of the sudden assistance to bring herself towards her rapidly approaching peak. "Looks like we won't need to worry one bit if you don't break him, pup. Make sure you give him a nice good 'introduction' for the other girls, yeah, Myla?" "Y-yes, alpha!" Myla squealed, moments before her thrusts grew wild, erratic and unrestrained. Sometimes failing to wrench her knot out, sometimes dragging back all the way to the tip and smashing him back into her crotch. To accompany it was her cum - so much of it, her hands clasping around Hailey's and working his flesh up and down, giving him no room to bloat... And making each pulse gush up his throat and spill over his lips in a depraved, musk-laden waterfall. Trace could only gurgle in response, his whole world swinging all over the place while he choked up mouthful after mouthful, running over his tongue and

cascading down his lips, spilling onto his bulging chest and soaking down his already cumsoaked fur. His tail twitched with every throb, involuntarily, the size of her knot working his muscles from his waist down. The howl of her release filled his ears, drowning out any pathetic pleas he could gurgle out... And drowning him of course. Mercifully, her orgasm didn't last too long - only half a minute of his body being used as a cum-funnel, spluttering and gagging for air as his head spun with a lack of oxygen. Just as he crested unconsciousness again, his body found itself ripped off, tossed into the waiting hands of the afghan hound as Myla slumped back into her chair, panting in post-orgasm bliss. "Oooh- There you go, Miljana- He didn't pass out again did he?" Apparently called Miljana, the afghan hound nestled Trace's cumsoaked form against her top, giving his chest a lazy prod - and watching him splutter, gag and gasp for air. "He's still awake by the looks of it. Wanna bet how long he stays conscious?" "P-please-!" Trace would gasp out the moment he could - desperate, pleading between hacking coughs. "Oh! Eager!" Miljana barked with enthusiasm, her tail thumping and wagging against the floor where she laid on her side, kicking up a cloud of dust. The titanic woman utterly dwarfed him, just like the rest. For now, though, she seemed content to watch him with idle amusement, as he spluttered and oozed seed over her massive chest; her bountiful mounds barely contained by a straining tube-top. "Okay, little guy, if you want it that badly..." Trace's eyes widened with panic. Obviously, he wasn't asking her to do more to him! He wanted her to stop! His aching, trembling arms pawed at the hand that fully wrapped around his chest, lowering him down her body... And it didn't take long until he found himself confronted by a drooling, twitching, tapered doggy-cock, oozing more musk-stained pre over his soaked muzzle. Immediately, he had his face mashed against it, muffling his already quiet, haggard "no"s and "please"s into her throbbing meat. Smearing cum over more of his muzzle and face, rubbing over his ears, and suddenly- "Miljana-!" The lazy, half-hearted warning from above, spoken as if the dog should stop whatever she was about to do, barely registered for Trace. More than that, he could feel the very tip wedge against his ear. Precum gurgle into his ear canal, the pressure instantaneously building to a sickening level. Pop. His plea warbled into a confused, halting scream. So much pressure, pain, stretch, filling his ear. The sound of cum gurgling and burbling and schlopping filled his head, directly, literally. The sounds above him faded, dwarfed by the squelching as his head jerked back and forth, sinking further over a slick, sweaty, slimy spire, and every inch made him understand less. His vision spun, sparked, darkened and came into heightened focus as against its will he was jerked up and down, back and forth. He could feel more fluid oozing out of his other ear, drooling from the corners of his eyes. Tears?

With a sickening squelch, the pressure suddenly strained the other side of his head, something squelching through and spearing out of his opposite ear. He could see the others speaking. Laughing? Why couldn't he understand? Soon, he felt something larger, thicker, slapping against the side of his head that she chose to rut first. Throbbing, pulsing. Grinding. Stretching. "Come on, Mil, you couldn't wait until everyone had a turn?" "Soooo-ryyyy, I mean, it's already in now, so I may as well, riiight?" Hailey sighed, shaking her head in more amusement than frustration before turning her head back to the conversation and leaving Trace to his fate. Even if that fate was having his skull stirred by a cock that could squelch his brains into pulp with just the very tip of her tapered rocket. While he couldn't understand what was happening, it was very obvious to the rest - multiple feet of doggy dick squelching through his skull and splattering precum out of the opposite ear with each thrust. Miljana's tongue lolled and panted, basking in pleasure with her eyes rolling back, hips bucking upwards into the hand messily clasped around his skull, trusting her cock to keep him unable to resist or move. Or think. And it did oh so well at that. Veins throbbing against his mind, rubbing into the stretching flesh of his skull whilst her knot slapped and plapped up against his pre-soaked cheek. Stretching, pushing, throbbing, whines and groans seeming to fill the center of his mind. Given the fat cock stuffing through ear to ear, he couldn't hear a word. All he could hear was the horrible squelching, feel the pressure grinding him down, pressing insistently, refusing to take a no for an answer. The knot felt bigger than his skull as is, and it probably could have been despite him being only able to see it each time it mashed up against his face and forced its way into his field of view. It's not like he could really perceive it though, anyway. His mind wasn't for thinking. It was for cock. Cock, cock, cock. Throbbing, veiny dog-dick. They were saying something. He could see someone leaning over - he couldn't tell which, all the shapes just smeared together into blobs in his vision - and setting their hand on Miljana's. And she suddenly froze. What were they - Squelch. With a sickeningly loud pop to accompany the squishy mushing of what was left of Trace's thoughts, Miljana's massive knot sunk into the tiny thing's head, utterly filling it with rapidly swelling meat. A howl accompanied it, vibrating through Trace's mind along with the deafening pulse of her heartbeat. And, of course, the rush of hot dog-cum bloating and pumping through his head. Rope, after rope, gushing into the air between her paws, while she set to work jerking and rubbing over the mast of flesh jutting out of his head. Again, and again, he felt her rocket squeeze and jerk upwards, pushing the top of his head against her crotch and lower belly. Jostling his limp, twitching form, glassy-eyed, breathing ragged with mindless squeaks and yips pushing each time the pulse of blood ground her veins into the inside of his skull. By the time she was finished, he was utterly painted, cum pooling and dripping down her belly, oozing over her thighs and her shorts. He couldn't even realise she was finished, his thoughts robbed by the insistent pulsing of the clefts of her knot, stuck tied in his little,

straining head. A towel wiped over his body, her crotch, soaking up the excess before his world spun - yanked up, jostled and dangling between her legs, suspended on her fat knot. Conversation continued around him, but nothing but the heavy pulsing and the burbling of leftover cum oozing through his head could be heard. Bouncing with each footstep, cock jerking his body up with the occasional twitch, that's where he was left. She didn't want to completely ruin his head, after all, just mostly - so he could stay there until her knot went down. "Haiiileeey-" "What, Myla?" Hailey tapped the screen of her phone and yawned, glancing up to where the black and white furred border collie emerged. She had to lean down to fit through the opening, one of many doorways they'd caved in and widened in the walls of the warehouse complex, one of the few places that could fit the 20 foot and up titans. Behind her, she dragged a leashed, sputtering toy, and with a long sigh, she rolled her eyes, rising to her feet. "Ah." "He keeps biting! You told me to teach him to behave but he won't, he nips and bites and spits and I can kinda enjoy him, but I don't wanna... I don't wanna disappoint you, Miss Hailey," Myla whined, yanking him forward and sending him sprawling over the dusty, rubble covered concrete floors in front of Hailey's paws. Her ears folded back against her head in a show of submission, lips trembling as she stared. Spluttering, panting and wheezing, he pulled at his collar, trying to get space to breathe, having had it tightened in the process of being dragged a hundred or so meters over brick, rubble and trash. Given how cum-soaked his fur was, he was utterly covered in dust, an absolute, sorry mess of a sight. "Kitty... I told you when I gave you to the new girl you better behave, but you've been bitin'? We let you be of service to somethin' so much better than you, and you keep acting like this? Do I gotta pull all of your teeth?" The Doberman sighed, squatting down and staring down at the pathetic feline, watching him struggle to his knees. "Come on, I knew you were short of a full set the moment I found you but you're not this dumb, are you? You can see that we were chosen... Especially of the likes of you, you tiny, pathetic little whelp." Trace coughed, hacked - then spat, right over one of her paws. "F-fuck you! You're just a dumb, stupid mutt, if I was as big as you you wouldn't be able to do any of this, you're just stupid and stinky and I hate-" Growling, her foot-paw lifted and shoved him down onto his back, her paw-pads squeezing down against his chest. One claw even dug into the flesh of his throat, blood beading and glistening imperceptibly in the black fur. "Fucks sake, we could be using your mouth for much more useful things if you just knew your place... Maybe I should just fuckin' crush you-" "Sorrysorrysorry- I didn't mean it I promise-" "Yeah, yeah, heard that the last few times too..." Hailey's lips curled back in a mixture of disgust and annoyance, glancing up to the pouty border collie. "Hey, pup, any ideas?"

"... Uuuummmm..." Myla blinked and paused at the question, cocking her head to one side and flopping her ears down as she thought. Hailey paused - right, she was asking Myla to think. Maybe she could ask the gang when they met up towards the end of the night inst- "Well, he doesn't wanna be a toy, right? So why don't we show him how much better it is than the other use for him?" "... And what would that other use be?" "I wanna pee on him and mark him! We can chain him to the wall outside and then we can make him our urinal, and then he can choose which he prefers!" Trace's eyes widened in panic. He was still trapped, the claw restricting his airflow and making it so he could only wheeze, but he strained to speak in spite of it. "Oh- Nonono- I didn't- I didn't mean any of it, I'll- I'll start behaving-" Neither of them were paying him any mind, though. Hailey tossed her head back and cackled, lips curling into a grin. The red orbs in her eye sockets flicked down, meeting his panicked stare. The sight of his fear made her shiver with a familiar thrill, and his eyes immediately picked up on the bulge in her shorts thickening with obvious arousal. "Yeah, perfect idea, Myla. Why don't you text the girls, and I'll get him hooked up? There's some chains out front, and I can wrap some scrap iron around his wrists and neck," She growled eagerly, taking the leash from Myla and watching her scamper back off to find her phone, her untended shaft bouncing with each step. Apparently, the ditzy, excitable collie had already forgotten what she came there for, but she wasn't about to remind her. She wasn't the youngest in the pack, but she certainly acted like she was still a pup. It was cute, at least. Her focus then turned back down to Trace, lifting her paw and letting him gasp for air for just a moment. She then started to walk, pulling him along, his body scraping dangerously close to the stomp of her paws. And as she dragged his pleading form through and out the front of the warehouse, she'd occasionally lean down to collect a stray chain or a piece of rusty scrap metal. "H-Hailey- Please- I didn't mean it! I just, I wanted to leave, but I understand now, honest! Dogs are sooo much better, so pretty and beautiful, and you don't smell at all!" His sycophantic, honeyed words fell on deaf ears, Hailey humming along as metal clinked and jingled in her hand. It wasn't long before he found himself deposited in front of a long, brick wall over open concrete, an old, cracked drainage channel running along the span of the wall and leading to the grate of a large storm drain. "Oh nonono- Hailey! Come on, I'm well behaved with you, I know you're beautiful! I just can't stand Myla, please!" "All canines are better than you, you brainless fucktoy. Maybe I should let Miljana fuck some more of your brains to paste, huh? Oh, bet she'll stick it in you and piss in there, too, the weirdo," Hailey cackled as she got to work, effortlessly yanking the cat back as he tried to crawl away. The first thing she did was yank him up, pushing metal rods into two sets of chains before with her bare hands, bending the metal to wrap it around each of his wrists. And all he could do was watch - his arms pinched between two fingers, with just enough pressure not to break them. From there, she drove stakes through the other end of the chains and those stakes into the walls, bending the metal around it to secure it.

And then his body weight dropped - the familiar squeak of feline pain a delight to the Doberman's ears. He squirmed, kicked at the wall, twisted and yanked at his chains, but they didn't budge, and the makeshift cuffs just painfully squeezed at his hands as he tried to wriggle them through. And then a tip wedged against his lips, stalling his struggle. "Perfect timing too - Just remember, this is your new role until I'm sure you know your place..." She growled, giving him only a couple seconds to think about her words before an acrid stream battered the back of his throat, making him gag and splutter on the foul liquid that scalded his tongue. Not with heat, but with the stomach-turning flavour of freshly stewed dog-piss. It flooded his mouth fast enough that, before he knew what he was doing, he was forced to swallow if he didn't want to drown. "... Wooow, kitty, thirsty, huh? Don't worry, the girls will have plenty more over the next week... I better be hearing plenty of praise and thank you for your new goddesses, right?" Even if he wanted to respond, he couldn't. Tears rolled down his cheeks as she emptied her bladder into his mouth and down his throat. His stomach churned, his insides twisted, his body rejecting the stewed amber. Yet it didn't stop. It spilled over his lips, poured down his body, 'washing' out the dust, rubble and cum clinging to his matted fur with something altogether worse. He could feel the liquid slosh and stir in his stomach, the litres of stewed doggy-piss dumped down his throat enough to make him feel like he had a full three course meal and asked for more. To the point by the time she pulled back, his usually slim stomach had a noticeable paunch, tense and swollen, while more still gushed over his body. He spluttered, coughed and gagged - mouthfuls of foul urine rushing back over his lips as she aimed the firehose of piss up and down his body, making sure to mark him up and down until his body was 'clean'. Of cum and dust, at least. Dripping, sodden and pathetic, by the time her flow tapered off to a dribble, he was thoroughly just a stinking mess, the mark of her foul, acrid scent seeping deep into his fur and flesh. "There you go, kitten. Don't thank me too much - the girls will be around whenever they feel like it, so enjoy yourself, yeah? We might even have a drinking party! Aspara is so fun when drunk," Her voice seeped into his ears in a taunting growl, and the last 'gift' she had was a farewell pat to his still-spluttering face. As she left, he continued to gag and retch, desperately vacating his burning stomach. It didn't take long for her to turn a corner, leaving him to have his nose burn with the scent dripping down his body and the wall, staining the brick and concrete with amber liquid. Despite her implication he might have a rest, it didn't take long for the news to make its way through the rest of the pack. He heard them before he saw them, chattering and laughing amongst themselves as they turned the corner and settled multiple piercing gazes upon his body to appraise him. He didn't care to listen - his ears burned with enough shame already, shame that he couldn't stop himself gagging and spluttering up more of her urine in front of them, his body desperate to vacate every drop. Only, he found out they weren't going to let him.

One stream hit his body, then two. Three. Almost immediately, they were practically drowning him with the sheer volume, especially with one stream hitting him directly in his open, exhausted maw. Various scents of varying strength, with the sandy-furred, scarred, muscular wolfess closest to him having the strongest. Deep, almost animalistic in its intensity, so much more powerful on his tongue than the pair of dogs. Likely owing to her being a wolf, if he were to guess. The thought gave no comfort, however. One stream gushed directly against his sheath and nuts, insistent on painting his maleness with her scent. The other two battered his nose and mouth, up and down, over his chest and neck and back up again. At the very least, it was shorter than with Hailey - after half a minute each stream trickling off one by one, until he was allowed to slump and splutter and bask in the musk radiating from his body, once again left to let the warm liquid soaking him to the bone grow cold in the chilly, evening air. One stayed behind - Aspara? His foggy head could barely tell her shape through bleary, yellowstained eyes as she approached. And rubbed off on him. Marking. Wiping off her scent, the last dregs of hot urine smearing into his lips, while she panted happily and wagged her long, flowing wolf-tail. Leaned against the wall, her weight enough that he could swear he could hear the mortar crumbling against his back. More important than that though was the way the panting, drooling canine was humping and mashing him against the wall. Her once soft spire quickly hardened and dug the swell of a twin-cleft into his creaking ribcage, constricting his already struggling, wheezing breaths. Again, and again. Thrust, slap, squelch, his body increasingly soaked by not only dog-piss but plenty of wolf-pre as well. Her knot compressed the air out of him, working his lungs for him, making his breaths come out in shuddering gasps, squeaks and yips. All the while, Aspara simply... enjoyed. The pack leader didn't say she had to limit herself to just using him as a urinal after all. And he always squirmed so nicely when he pulled him in for a nice time, he had to enjoy it like she did, right? Hailey always said dogs were a superior breed, born to rule, so the cat was probably so excited he couldn't resist squirming. Those thoughts made Aspara's tail wag faster and her thrusts become more and more and more sloppy. It was a wonder it took as long as it did for her tip to catch on his lips and bury her dick in something so much tighter and more wonderful. With a sharp pop, Trace felt his jaw dislocate around the swell of the rapidly inflating clefts of her knot. Sinking into his choking, spluttering throat and spearing her tapered tip into his stomach. He could feel his bulging stomach digging in against his legs, and his nose and muzzle found itself buried in the slimy flesh of her sheath, inhaling rank, stewed doggy-musk that seeped into his nose. And as a result, his spluttering and gagging became all the more violent and desperate, her musky scent burning his senses with its intensity. She just felt his body convulsing and clutching to her dick, though. Slamming her hands against the wall, she got in a good position for a rut - so much more savage and bestial than the rest of her pack with her thrusts, burying herself into the root each time. He didn't even have time to breathe. Squelching, slapping, precum burbling in his gut and mixing with piss still stuffed and sagging his stomach. She panted, drool dripping over his ears, muscular hips practically trying to flatten his skull against solid brick, feeling

like he was trapped between thighs of solid iron and an unyielding wall of rock. He may as well have been. Mercifully, drunk as she was, she didn't have that much stamina. The feeling of his throat clutching to her knot and his lips and tongue pressing in and teasing the back half of it every time she rutted forward helped too, of course. But even when cum started blasting his gut, she didn't stop thrusting. The wet slaps turned even more sloppy and squishy as cum overflowed up his throat. Yet, her knot made sure he didn't become a fountain, squelching and schlurping into his throat, forcing it back down towards his belly with the fat plug. Plenty spilled over his lips, spraying from the corners of his mouth, splattering down and soaking over his shoulders, as his bulging stomach swelled and sloshed with her alcohol-fuelled load. He couldn't help himself - spluttering for oxygen, and pathetically spilling thick canine-cum out of his nose for the trouble. All the while, more cum packed its way into his gut. If he wasn't fucked into an oxygen deprived stupor, he might have even noticed the feeling of hot slime gushing and pumping from under his tail, running down his jerking thighs. Thankfully for him, he was getting very good at staying conscious on very little oxygen, given how many times he'd almost asphyxiated on knots and cocks over the past week. So even with his vision filled with a blur of wolf-crotch and massive slabs of muscle either side of his head, his consciousness stayed with him until her hips slowed. Gradually, slowly, until with a spent growl, they crashed back over his face, leaving her to bask in her afterglow while he twitched and shuddered. Jaw dislocated, muzzle fractured, sweat seeping into his sheath wrapped snout. But for some reason, even when he was sure she was spent... He felt her cum-vein bloat out again. He felt pressure wash his gut, swell and bloat, even more powerful than her pulsing loads. And continuously. It didn't take him long to figure out she was emptying the rest of her bladder into him. Directly. His stomach strained with the liquid pressure, visibly bulging with the powerful jet, feeling like a power-washer as scrubbing the inside of his stomach 'clean.' And maybe it was, given he could feel the dense, burbling liquid previously sagging and jiggling in his belly, instead forcing steadily into his guts. His nose was buried far and hard enough in her crotch he could swear he could feel the liquid rushing down from her bladder beneath her skin. But maybe it was the whole minute of zero oxygen getting to him. More and more hot dogspunk splattered over his legs, his gut groaning and gurgling loudly. He could hear her panting, drunken blissful whines spilling over her lips, interrupted by the occasional swig of beer. By the time her stream slowed, his gut was entirely flushed of the fresh load of canine cum, amber piss power-washing his ring hard enough that he could feel the sting through the entirety of his body. And mercifully, before he passed into unconsciousness, her knot schlurped its way out of his throat with the rest of her pillar of dripping meat, giving a last gush over his lips as he so

briefly was given the opportunity to gasp for air... And began to instead splutter up the contents of her bladder instead. "Aaaahhh... Thanks, chewtoy! I'll see you later!" His spinning mind barely registered the sound of her chipper voice and the jostle of her claws patting his piss and cum soaked face, before he was left to dangle against the wall. Hot, fresh wolf-piss flowing over his lips in choking, spluttering waves, flowing from his twitching, gaping ring. He could suppress the urge to gag and hurl up the vile contents of his stomach long enough for the occasional breath... But given the weight in his gut, it took him well over 10 minutes to vacate enough of that liquid load for the pressure to stop making him want to gag and hurl. And once that feeling passed, he stopped bothering, shivering and whimpering to himself. What was the point in draining himself, anyway? Given the laughing, the howling, the barking... It wouldn't be long until one of them would be back out to give him a vile 'drink' again. Again, Trace awoke. Forcefully stirred by the feeling of thick, powerful thighs rubbing over his body, smushing him into a thin layer of fat padding around dense muscle. He was barely able to breathe, his face buried in her taint, lower muzzle pressed into the bushy fur covering her sac. Sweat rolled down his neck freely... But he could breathe, just barely. Even if it was stuffy, hot and filled with enough musk to burn his already ruined sinuses. He hadn't been able to smell anything else for weeks. Well, most of the time, anyway. Today, a heatwave had the Doberman tossing and turning in her sleep, wrenching him around by the collar tying him to her sheath. It felt like he was trapped in a furnace - a scorching, swampy, foggy one where the drenched doggy thighs were so sweat-soaked he felt like his lungs were filling with the liquid of her sweat. He let out squeaks of complaint, squirmed, tried to wake her and tell the stupid doggy to roll back over... But she never listened. And it was for the best, too. If she heard what he said during the night into her nuts, she'd probably see if she could fit them inside him. But, no. He was trapped. So little give on the collar that even when he pulled free, the resulting twitch of her cock stirring inside her sheath from the sensation immediately buried him back in them. One night, he'd found if he squirmed too much, she'd get hard and start trying to sleep fuck him. He was lucky to be alive after that. Unfortunately for him, that gasp for air resulted in more than just a twitch - her hips rolled, twisting in her sleep and rolling onto her front, and... smothering the tiny cat. The springs creaked against his back, the mattress squelched with the swamp of sweat soaking it, and he could feel it pool around his trapped limbs. She gave a couple idle humps in her dreams and... thankfully, relaxed. Only, now he was trapped under a mountain of flesh, hot ball-sweat flowing straight into his trapped open mouth, burning his tongue, and ensuring he'd be choking and spluttering through the whole night on sweaty, wet Doberman. Her thighs squeezed either side of his body, twitching and shifting in her sleep, rock hard muscle crushing his chest, forcing pained squeaks as his ribcage creaked. Somehow, he was going to have to sleep like that. Great. Twisting and turning his head, he managed to wrench his maw free from around the swell of one of her massive nuts and bury his face back in the crook of her taint where he could just barely gasp for air in her thigh-

gap. And whimpering, he'd close his eyes again, panting strained breaths and occasionally, spluttering as his mouth filled with enough of her sweat to block his throat. Hopefully, she'd roll back over in an hour or two. Hopefully. Trace's skull throbbed, aching even worse than the last time he was left alone with Miljana. Did she grab him and fuck him while he was sleeping? He wouldn't remember much of the night if she did, after all. His ears didn't feel slimy, though, and he couldn't feel any liquid sloshing around in there. No cum beading out of his eyes, either. He could feel the fluff of someone's thighs against his back and a collar tying him to someone, though, so it was unlikely. Maybe Hailey had crushed him during some of the night, and he managed to not wake up. With a grumble, he lifted his arm to feel at his ear, just to check. Only, he couldn't feel his hands. Or his forearm. Or move his elbow, for that matter. Did they drug him? That would explain it, and the numbness. Though, he could still move it at the shoulder, at least it felt like it... Given he was mostly in darkness, he couldn't really - "Mm, that you wakin' up, toy?" Hailey's voice sent a reflexive jolt up his spine, and in spite of himself he felt himself squeaking out a response like he had been the past few weeks. "Y-yes! Yes, Miss Hailey - sorry for passing out on you, I'm so unworthy and bad and you're such-" "Shush, shush, you passed out 'cause we drugged you. Easier that way," Hailey chuckled above him, her fingers pressing down on him through the blanket resting over him. Rubbing his body into her thighs and crotch, enjoying the way his tongue quickly made itself useful lapping at her damp, sweaty sac. So well trained now. "Mmph... Shame I won't get to feel your little hands wriggling into my sheath anymore, but worth it to make you a better fleshlight, I suppose." His mind halted at the implications lingering in her words. Why wouldn't she be able to? It wasn't like he was refusing to. He found out when he was well behaved, they weren't quite as rough with him, since they weren't actively trying to punish him. So, he stopped struggling and fighting back. Why, then? The combination of powerful bluish moonlight mixed with dim, flickering amber from the barrel fire illuminated him enough to answer his question, as she peeled the blanket back. A grin accompanied the sight of himself; proud, almost. Where his limbs were, they weren't. Just little stumps, wriggling and waving. Fresh scar tissue was carved in thick X marks over where his limbs now ended. Both his arms, and his legs. "I- Huh?" "They kept getting in the way whenever we wanted to use you. No need to thank us," She remarked dryly, yawning and popping a piece of popcorn into her mouth, lounging on rubble and watching something on her phone in her other hand. "But- I- My arms- M-my legs- What- Where-"

"Huh? Oh, you're asking what we did with them?" She paused, tapping a claw on her chin. "Oh, right. Myla's been using your bones as toothpicks, she said they were 'Soooo useful'. 'Cause you have sturdy bones or something?" She gave a noncommittal shrug to his trembling gaze, taking no notice of the quivering in his voice. "But... But how am I going to w-walk or do anything-" "Huh? Why would you need to?" "You- You said when I acknowledged how superior dogs are, you'd let me go-" "Oh, yeah. I changed my mind," Another snap of her jaws, the crunch of a massive piece of popcorn. "Miljana loves how your skull squelches and pops every time she knotfucks it and you're not getting loose that fast, so we're gonna keep you 'til you break. Congrats! Aren't you so happy we decided to keep you?" Trace stared up at the canine in stunned silence for a short while, watching her with a mixture of horror, betrayal, confusion, and at last morphing to anger as words welled up in his throat. "WHORE! Bitch! Stupid fucking MUTT - the ONLY reason I was BEHAVING was because you said YOU'D LET ME GO!" He wailed, voice raising to a shrill shriek. Her eyes slid down to fixate him with that familiar, cold anger, but even that didn't cool the burning anger spilling over his tongue. "GIVE ME THEM BACK! DUMB MUTT! BAD DOGGY! STUPID STUPID STUPID-!" Her claws forced a scream to shut him up rather quickly. "And here I thought you realised what a gift we were giving you in letting you serve a superior species... Maybe I should just toss you to the sewers, let the lizards have at you, claw you to pieces - Nah," The words spilled with a loathing venom he hadn't heard since his first couple days, as her claws squeezed on his frame. The unfamiliar pain of pressure on his stubby stumps flared through his limbs, and to stop him from speaking further, her claw - followed by her thumb - sunk deep into his choking, spluttering maw, "That's just the anger speakin', I thought we did such a good job with you... Nah, fuck it. How about this. I'm giving you to Miljana for a week. Maybe you'll learn your role better after havin' your brains mushed around a knot for that long? I mean, even if you don't, she'll fuck you up so bad you can't even remember bein' anythin' else but a lil' dogtoy. Won't even remember having limbs enough to be mad about it, either." With that, she retracted her claw from his convulsing throat, watching with a curious, narroweyed tilt of her head. "F-FUCK you - I'm not playing along any more no matter what you say! Stupid doggy! Filthy mutt!" "Yeah, yeah. HEY, MILJANA!" Her head tossed back, the howl of her voice echoed across the dark, abandoned construction site. It didn't take long to get a response - a howl of response announcing the arrival of a familiar afghan hound. She almost seemed to bound up a pile of

rubble to poke her head over and peer down at them, the sound of creaking, crumpling metal of a collapsing rusty fence echoing loud enough to hear. "Yuh?" "He's yours for the week. Apparently, he hasn't learned a damn thing after all, so do whatever you like with him," with a yank of his collar, Hailey dragged him up by his neck, pinching the collar like she was holding some filthy rag as Trace dangled and swayed in the air. Simply choking and spluttering for the oxygen he now found himself denied. "Knotfuck him, fuck his dumb little head to pieces, keep him stewing in your pants, whatever. Use him as a chewtoy for all I care. If he breaks, he breaks, but maybe he'll be a semi useful toy at the end of it." The dog's droopy, fluffy pink ears lifted up in obvious excitement. Already panting from the exertion of rushing over, the sound would change tone to excitement, tongue dripping with drool over her agape lips and her tongue wagging furiously over her bountiful hindquarters. "Anything? Ooh... I'm gonna have so much fun with him, thanks, Alpha!" "Gotta take care of the pack, right?" She chuckled, tossing the feline over her shoulder and turning her attention back to her phone without much care. Miljana practically bounded over the rubble pile to catch the skyborne cat... directly in her hot, drool-soaked maw, jaws snapping shut mere inches from the housecat's stumps. Thanks to his 'trim', he fit into her maw almost perfectly. Well, perfectly for Miljana. For Trace, it was a hot, humid hell - his body lifted, rubbed into the roof of her mouth, the stench of dog-breath permeating around him with absolutely zero escape. And when he tried to breathe, half the time he'd choke and splutter on a mouthful of her drool while she carried him... somewhere. He could hear a faint 'see ya', with a bark doing its best to deafen him as Miljana's mouth opened, then clamped back down. This time, with his body between her teeth. He couldn't even scream. Flashes of light between chomping, gnashing canines that dug into his bare fur and flesh. Repeatedly, she'd chomp down on his ribcage and crush his lungs, grinding the 'flexible' housecat's bones down without thought. Again, and again. In on a shoulder. One bite, a canine digging between two ribs. The creaking of his struggling frame filled his ears, along with the growls, snarls, pants and whines of a bounding afghan hound off for a run. Each bite made his body thrash and jerk, wriggling in futile struggle, helpless to escape the experience of being used as a dog's literal chew-toy. For him, it felt like hours grinding by. But really, it was barely even a couple of minutes before the dog arrived at her destination - a nice, public park to bask and enjoy her toy for the day. She had him for a week, but that was no reason not to get riiight to work! Covered in hot, slimy doggy-drool, he gasped for fresh air the moment she spat him out onto his chest. Wriggling, whimpering, squeaking like the little chew-toy he was, staring up at her with wide, fearful eyes. "We're going to have such a fun week together, chew-toy! Aren't you so happy you get to keep serving us? Again, and again, over and over - if you don't break, we can be together forever!" She barked down at him, tail wagging and excitedly leaning down to roll her slimy tongue over his body, making him cough and splutter as he tried to respond. Her tongue

rolled over her chops, licking all the way up to curve over her muzzle in that predatory, hungry way dogs do, before suddenly darting up with her floppy ears twitching and wriggling, "You're so much cuter like this, and so much more portable, I could just... Oh, hold on! I can see Irene, you just hold on down here -" All of a sudden, her focus changed, grabbing around his slimy body and stuffing him down, burying him in her shorts all too easily. His tail poked through the waistband, but otherwise, he found his body squeezed up against the fat bulge of her sheath and sweat-drenched nuts. He squeaked in complaint, squirmed, shoved at her fingers with his little stumps... to no avail. Instead, he just made a strange, wriggling bulge in her denim, huffing her musky nuts, sweat oozing over his lips and dripping over his tongue while he gagged and spluttered on the terrible, stewed wet-dog scent. Mouth forced to fill with dense, fluffy pink fur as her hand pushed on him from the other side, pushing him up and down and playing with him while she chattered to whoever she'd caught sight of. He could hear her nuts churning, swelling with the packed doggy-cum he'd gotten used to choking on over the past few weeks. Face rubbed up and down between them, a claw pressing on the back of his head, steadily working him up, with faint, happy whines muffled through the fabric. He didn't realise where she was working him up to, until he felt it. Her slimy, dripping sheath, the tip of her pinkish-red tapered dog-cock poking out and drooling against his nose. And she simply shoved his face in, trapping him in slimy flesh and settling her claw there to feel him wriggle and choke and splutter... And eventually, after getting drunk on breathing her heady musk, start to dutifully lick and lap at her veiny spire like the broken in toy he was. Maybe she'd wrap him around her sheath once she was done catching up with Irene, go for a jog and see how long it took for her to get off to the feeling of him jerking on her knot. That'd be fun to do again.
