You sat struggling desperately on the toy, it's base bolted firmly to the floor, no give to be found there or around the immense silicone knot lodged firmly, impossibly in your gut. The tiny cage you had been stuck in up until now seemed like heaven compared to this...compared to what was coming. As if on cue, a loud, sickeningly wet and meaty -thunNKLPch- hits your ears; ...A familiar noise that you now recognized as the sound of a discarded, used-up "toy" hitting the back of the immense green plastic trash-bin in the adjoining room... after SHE had gotten done with it. The sound sent a shivering chill down your spine and right to your core, interrupting your struggles and causing you to freeze in place as your eyes darted to the adjoining doorway...just in time to see the impossibly immense, impossibly curvaceous, impossibly endowed yellow labrador girl walk through the threshold, a dark sneer on her face as her gaze fell upon you, her tongue licking over her drool-coated lips. Your keeper for the last week. Your torturer. The woman you had come to know as Brandy. The gigantic canine woman padded into the room and -sttrrretchedd- her arms over her head, groaning in satisfaction. Even after everything she had done, your eyes were still drawn to her immaculate nude feminine figure; Those thick thighs, wide hips, curvy waist, and incredible bust. Even that luscious lower lip of hers begged for your attention, your eyes betraying you as they lingered on that cruel mouth for a moment before you could squeeze them shut, shaking your head with a grimace and another shiver. When you finally managed to open them again, you had to suppress a yelp of terror; Standing in front of you now, Brandy towered over you and filled your vision, her face gazing down at you with a cruel smile... but that wasn't what -trulyfilled you with fear, no; It was the sight of the massive, black, fat-knotted monolith of canine cockflesh swinging between her legs in front of you, half-hard and throbbing as it dripped with spent sexual fluids that pooled on the cool concrete floor beneath. A giggle cut through the air then, loud and booming. That terrible valley-girl laugh that evoked memories of the popular girls back in highschool... back in another lifetime that didn't even seem real anymore in this new hellish reality. "Heeheeee~! How's my new little puppy dog bitch~? Finally ready to play boy, Huh~? ...Awwhhh~!!! ...just look at you tremble and shake with happiness~! You're just so Kyyute! What a good little puppy boi-bitch~!!" She frowned then; the bubbly, condescending, babytalk tone of a pet-owner leaving her voice for one of disdain and annoyance as she glanced back at the other room.

"....Not like my LAST bitch, he was a BAD boy!!! Never following his alpha's orders right, AND he couldn't even take more than ONE whole load of doggyfood in his belly!! Such an ungrateful, disobedient, naughty doggy!" You grimaced as you remembered what she had done to the raccoon male that had been in this spot before you. You had seen it all from your cage over the days since you'd been hauled in and imprisoned here: The way she had demeaned him, forced him to crawl around on the floor on all fours, used him, and "trained" him - another living, thinking person - like he was nothing more than a lowly feral pet animal....No...Worse than that! Like a sick cross between pet dog and personal fuck toy!! She had even docked his tail like some cruel imitation of a feral doberman pinscher, leaving the once proud, floofy striped thing a mere little stub afterward; Which she had insisted he wiggle and wag with "excitement" whenever she entered the room. The punishments he had gotten for forgetting to do so had almost been worse than the docking itself. That had all been before today though; before she had yanked him off the training dildo in a fit of lust, and then gotten a little too excited while "feeding" her little pet puppy dog... ...Before he had been sent to the bin. You shivered again, trying desperately to suppress the all-too-recent memory of the way his stomach had looked so.... unnaturally distended, stretching outward around the shape of her monstrous cock with each of her thrusts as she railed herself deeper and deeper down his muzzle and straight into his belly... The wet, sticky slaps of her huge, rapidly engorging knot -thudding- heavily and unrelentingly into his puffy, bruising face over and over again as she lost herself in the pleasure of breeding his ruined throat... And worst of all? ...The sounds the poor coon boy's jaw had made as it stretched... then snapped with a series of sickening muted -cricKks-, shattering hopelessly as it was subjected to the sheer girth and pressure of that titanic throbbing bulb of hot black flesh being wedged inexorably into it by the raw power of the uncaring canine girl's giant curvy hips when she had finally rammed her knot into his too-small muzzle all at once....Immediately followed by the strange, soft, whimpering wet gurgles and twitches he had made as she forced it even deeper still, her big paws scrabbling wildly to grasp onto desperate handfuls of his hair and pelt, tugging him so hard down towards the base of her cock that his nose and muzzle were jammed deep up into her sheath itself, muffling his final noises as they trailed off into nothingness. Not that you would have heard them anyway: That had been when her panting huffs and moans reached their climax and became a cry of pure, blissful release - so loud it had made you flinch and your ears flatten. It was also then that you had been unable to take the twisted show anymore; Clenching your eyes shut and covering your ears just after catching the sight of your fellow male's oddly-bulged belly somehow beginning to balloon even larger as Brandy started to unload her enormous over-productive balls into him, the now-familiar musky scent of her hot spunk flooding the air soon after. You hadn't dared to open your eyes again until minutes later, when the only noises left were the sound of her steady breathless panting, the heavy plopping drips of her leaking seed... and the slow continuous -thumpthumpthump- of her tail wagging happily against the floor.

Sheepishly peeking out again from your cage, your stomach had dry-heaved at the sight that greeted you: The nearly-unrecognizable, warped profile of the raccoon was now held aloft above the floor entirely by the strength of the giantess's still rock-hard cock alone as she leaned back on her forepaws, knees splayed wide on the floor, panting heavily. Impaled and still, the raccoon's body was now motionless... save for the rhythmic twitching of Brandy's massive dick: Her every little throb made his limp, dangling limbs sway gently over the floor like a broken marionette as she continued to pulse out the last of her spent load into her little plaything. The look of her knot somehow stuffed all the way into the male's throat - as if his entire neck was just....gone; Wholly replaced and eclipsed by the fat, multi-lobed bulge left in its place, stretching his flesh taught around it, the ripped tatters of his snapped leather dog collar lying on the floor below.... The way his belly and torso were plumped up almost comically full of her cum, like some cheap, undersized condom-turned-water-balloon... How his ass drooled thick, ropey dollops of the viscous, pearly-white canine seed that his ruined body could no longer hope to contain every time she pulsed another jet into him.... The image of him dangling there would be engraved on the back of your psyche forever; That is, If you managed to live through this. The memory of the nightmare scene and the firsthand knowledge of what a giantess's knot could do to a man somehow made the absurd, yet far, FAR more modest bulge currently lodged so firmly in your own tummy seem almost like a -blessing- by comparison, even as it held you tied to the baseplate below... unable to escape what was coming. The huge canine-shaped silicone dildo had still been slightly warm from the raccoon's lingering body heat when Brandy had dragged you from your cage above and forced you down onto it as if it was the easiest thing in the world, impaling you in place, in the exact same spot you had often watched the raccoon during his "trainings". You vaguely wondered if someone would watch you as well; how long the cycle had been going... The sudden sound of a loud, entitled "-Hmppphhh!!-" above you jarrs you back to the present, and you find yourself once more looking up at the 11 feet of giant annoyed dog woman looming over you. She's currently rolling her eyes in disdain as she continues to mumble about her previous pet boytoy's failings, while at the same time reaching over to the shelf above you to rummage around for something outside of your view. ".....good for nothing little-...-tchh!!-...and after I gave him SO much love and attention!!" You can hear objects knocking around on the counter above, her current mood reflected in the way they were banging haphazardly about as she searched for what she wanted.

"....SO many misbehaved boys! .....Always breaking... and without even asking permission first!!.....Oh!, this one's perfect~!!" Brandy's hands come back into view above you, now holding a leather dog collar and leash while her fingers work to unclasp it's buckle. As she pulls the collar open, she turns her gaze back down to you... and all at once it's like her anger and disappointment have seemingly evaporated. Her face is all grins as she leans down and starts to wrap the collar around your neck, her voice once again bubbling with that innocent tone of playful happiness as she giggles and begins to wag her tail; ....It's almost as if the huge girl hadn't just casually snuffed out an innocent life in the pursuit of her own twisted pleasure not 15 minutes earlier: "HeHehee~! You're not like him though, righttt~?; I just know that you'll be a good little doggy for me~!!" She finishes cinching the collar around your neck, buckling it deftly with the practiced fingers of someone who's done this thousands of times before. Then, standing upright, she admires her handiwork for a moment, the end of your new leash wrapped firmly around her paw....before her mouth curls into a cruel grin: ".....And good little puppy dogs greet their new master~!! You know how doggies say 'hello', rightttt~? Hehee! Don't worry cutie! I'll teach you how to be a good, obedient little doggiebitch~!!" She turned then, lifting her tail as her thick-hipped ass came into view above you; once again those incredible feminine curves drawing your eye no matter how much you wanted to look away. Wide hips gave way to the plush roundness of her immense asscheeks, sculpted and perfect in their appeal as she reached back to grip them with her own paws, fingers sinking into her own softness. Her fluffy tail wagged happily above as she spread those cheeks, revealing an immense, black-fleshed, thick-rimmed donut of an asshole; smooth, plump perineal bulge below; and her matching pair of fat, pendulous, heavy-looking girlnuts hanging just beneath. "Deeeep breath, puppyyyy~!!!" ...It was all the warning you got before she suddenly crouched and sat that massive doggiegirl ass right onto your face with another booming giggle. The weight of more than a ton of shemale canine pressing down on you from above immediately sinks you to the base of your training toy, hilting you straight onto the concrete floor as the shock of the girthy silicone ramming even deeper up inside of you from below drives the breath from your lungs... and forces you to take a panicked, gasping inhale of her hot, humid sweaty assmusk. The sudden sensation of being immersed in stiflingly moist heat fills your senses as you realize she's still -dripping- with pungent sweat from her intense session with the raccoon boy before you. The continuous rivulet of hot perspiration dripping down her

asscrack suddenly has nowhere to go as she begins to happily grind your muzzle through the moist canyon...so it simply soaks into your facefur instead; her intense scent inexorably beginning to mark you. You try to resist after that initial gasp, try to hold your breath and turn your head; but there's nowhere to turn to, no source of fresh, untainted air to breathe... and finally your lungs give out, demanding oxygen. Your next forced, deeper inhale of her scent is even worse than the first: The intense, cloying scent is so strong that you can almost taste the rich, raw smell of her humid pheromonal musk... only to literally taste it moments later when you accidentally inhale some of the hot crack-nectar she was currently waterboarding you with, triggering a fit of sloppy, gagging, -gasping- coughs as her oppressive flavor indelibly fills your muzzle, sinuses, and lungs. Brandy only giggles as she feels your sudden frantic struggles beneath her, letting out a little moan as she slides the strap of your leash up over her shoulder and tugs down on it like a pulley, yanking your collar and your head upward against her ass even harder while you fight for breath: "Rrfffff! ...Mnnnn~....Heheeee! ...Yeahhhhh~.....HUFFF that shit, puppy-BITCH~!!.....goooood boyyyy~!!!!" Finally having managed to expel most of the rank, salty, steaming shemale ass-sweat from your mouth and lungs, you have precious little time to recover as the choking grip of your collar being tugged forces your face even harder against her. Brandy sighhhs happily as she rocks her hips, allowing your muzzle to slide downward towards her balls....and then back northward, your muzzle grinding against the soft, throbbing bulge of her sweat-soaked taint. "Tsk tsk puppyslut....I don't feel any tonguuue~ ...Heee~....does my new bitch need to learn his first lesson~?" Just as you had recovered some of your bearings, finally had gotten at least somewhat accustomed enough to the scent that you had managed to stop choking; The giantess shifts her hips and you suddenly find your muzzle pressing into the plush, pulsing softness of her massive, black canine asshole. It -twitches- at your presence; the thick, sensitive muscular ring flexing strongly as the enormous yellow lab girl feels the teasing press of your muzzle against it. Her musky hole throbs almost hungrily around your snout, bringing another lascivious little -moannn- to her lips, her tongue glossing lustily over them, before she simply speaks one, single word: "Lick." It's less of a demand than an outright command, the imposing tone of her voice suddenly devoid of any mirth and instead full of the dark threat you were so recently reminded that she was entirely, wantonly capable of. Your tongue sneaks out your trembling lips on fear alone and - before you've even fully mentally processed the order - you're already lapping over the thick, soft muscular rim of her donut, slathering it with your tongue in a sudden desperation

to please her. The musky, sweat-tinged flavor of her ass is even more powerful here, and you find yourself wondering if you'd ever be able to get the vile taste off of your tongue...though you also find yourself salivating? You assure yourself that it must be one of your body's natural defensive responses, trying to cleanse your tongue of her taste. Opening your muzzle wider, you grip the hot rim of her asshole with your lips, lapping at the muscular ring as you work your way along the sweat-drenched perimeter. Your efforts are rewarded as Brandy shudders and moans, her donut abruptly flexing again, pulling your snout in and trapping it before -squeeeezing- hard around it with so much strength that it feels like your nose is in danger of breaking!! "Mnngawwwwddyeahh~.....hehee.....that's a good little doggieboy~....but not good enough!!" She yanks your leash -HARD- then, leaning back as she does so.... And an icy panic rises in your gut as you find your entire snout begins to disappear into the hot, sweltering black abyss of her twitching musky tailhole. You try to yelp out in distress, but the sound is completely muffled by her moist pungent flesh, and all it does is give you a taste of the pure, unadulterated earthy musk of her inner ass. Her silky-soft anal walls ripple strongly along your snout, trying to tug it deeper inside and staining your muzzlefur with her slick musky grease, only serving to make it even easier to slide you into place. Finally, Brandy -whinnnes- happily as she feels your entire muzzle hilt into her needy hole, and you're struck by the realization that you can actually feel her tail wagging through the walls of her ass; the adjacent muscles of her tailbase making her every wag ripple and tug on your snout. "AHHhhhhh~......g-good puppyslut!!....Nnnngg~...b...but I want more~!....good doggie bois makeout with their alpha's prostate~!!! heheeeee~!!" ....You hardly had time to think about the implications of that statement before Brandy demonstrated them to you; The immense yellow canine crouching even further back still, yanking brutally on your leash as her asshole began to stretch even wider around the unwilling invasion of your face being forced into it. The hot, thick, greasy rim of her black-fleshed donut crept first past your cheeks...then slid up over your tightly-scrunched eyes...and with a sudden muffled -pLLOPp-, your entire head was consigned to the stifling, rank, humid silky darkness of her inner sanctum. The rippling, rhythmic muscular pulses of her inner walls clench and tug along every side of your face as the giantess shudders in pleasure... and then -squeeeeeezesher ass; making your teeth grate together from the pressure while, outside, your shoulders press hard against her entrance as her greedy tailring threatens to pull you even further in all on it's own!! The pressure relents as she relaxes for a moment, allowing you to slip a few inches out... only to instantly resume, tugging you right back in and compressing around your creaking skull once more as the cruel canine uses you as little more than her personal toy buttplug!! The muscular sphincter of her donut grips hard around your neck now as she repeats the process, every additional squeezing -flex- serving to choke you more effectively than a pair of hands at your throat. The only thing even keeping you upright at this point was the long, thick canine training dildo you were impaled on; it's sturdy mounting bolts more resistant to the giantess's reckless force than your body was. Somewhere along the line, the rhythmic contractions of her

internal muscles crushing your jaw together makes you bite your tongue, the iron taste of your own blood in your mouth barely noticeable among the overpowering taste of hot sweaty doggiegirl asshole, but enough to remind you of the worst: Visions of your head popping like a grape in a vice flitted through your mind as you suffered through the abuse, and you wondered if this would be it; if this would be where your all-too-short life ended: Utterly demeaned.....just a helpless little living plaything for some giant bitch's asshole. ...Which made it even more confusing, humiliating, and frustrating that you were so incredibly rock-fucking-hard. You could feel it down between your legs, the way your body was betraying you. You hadn't noticed it until now, but there was no mistaking it at this point: You were painfully stiff; harder than you had ever been in your life. All you could do was pray that this cruel beast of a girl didn't notice; that at least you wouldn't have to suffer that last indignation before you died. "Heheheeeee~!!!......Ohmygawwwwwwdd~!!" Oh no....You could somehow make out that booming, 'highschool meangirl' voice, all full of callous giggling mirth, even muffled as you were in her ass. A sharp twinge of pain on your uncomfortably stiff prick only served to confirm your fears, making you yelp into her tight musky confines as the sadistic canine flicked your cock with her finger; The reaction only making her snort out another mocking giggle. "-Snrrrrk-... Awwwwwwhhhhh~!! ...Is my little puppybitch excited for his new alpha~? Does he love her attention thattttt much~? Heheeeee!!! Just look at how stiff your cute, useless little puppy boiclit is~!!! Mnn...Rrfffff~" She gave your head another sharp squeeze in her ass then, and you could almost -tellfrom the shaking of her body around you that she was stroking her massive cock off to the sight of what she had done to you... to the way your body had given in to her abuse. You had long since stopped being surprised at just how quickly the giantess could recover from her...."sessions" "Hhhhhfff......What a good little faggot~!!! Hmmm~.....Tell you what slut-puppyyyy~.......You get to work making out with my prostate like a good little doggie boi bitch should, and I won't punish you like you deserve for forgetting up until now!! ....Rrffffff.....I'll even reward my horny little doggiebitch with his first breeding from his new alpha's cock, heheheeeeeeeee~!!!" It was hardly a choice. You nosed desperately forward in her humid musky depths, your muzzle and tongue searching blindly against her inner wall for the fat sensitive lump of her prostate. You weren't entirely sure, but you thought maybe hypoxia was setting in; The only air you'd had to breathe in the last...?? ...minutes?.... was whatever was leftover in her ass. If you stayed in here much longer you'd die; even if she DIDN'T end up crushing you first. Crushing. Crush~... hehe~.... What a funny word~....Crush like you were about to crush this girl's prostate

with your tongue like the goodest boi~.... <!!!> ....You shook your head as best you were able in order to free yourself of the intrusive thought and continued, your tongue suddenly lapping over a huge, thick, slightly firmer bulge! Bingo!! Now you just had to- "ARRRFFF!!..fffuckkkkk~!!!! MNnfffffff!!!" Brandy -barks- in pleasure and moans out loudly as your tongue laps against her P-spot for the first time, her whole body tensing and clenching up -hard-, that familiar squeezing grip of her ass shuddering and rippling around your head again...until finally she releases, allowing you to continue your desperate assault!! You slather your tongue against the bulge of her pleasure point over and over, even locking your lips to it and suckling sloppily over the plump, sensitive organ, doing your best to "makeout" with it as she had demanded while it throbs and pulses happily beneath your administrations. You can tell it's having an effect as Brandy shudders around you, panting, tail wagging a mile a minute as she furiously jerks her thick, black, fat-knotted canine cock to the indulgent pleasure of having her most intimate of depths so gratuitously worshipped. You press on, even as your vision steadily begins to go gray around the edges, and all that's left is the hot bulb of flesh beneath your tongue and the steadily merging taste and scent of her ass..... ......... .................. ............................ -SMEK- .................................. -SMEK-!! "Hellllloooo~!!! ...Earth to doggiebitchhh~! Ughh!! ...come onnn you stupid fucking TOY, Nobody said you were allowed to sleep!!" Your eyes crack open again to the fuzzy, unpleasant sensation of being smacked around with a hot side of beef, the dull, stinging ache in your cheek and neck already feeling like they'll be bruised tomorrow if they aren't already. As your bleary vision begins to clear, the non-descript black and yellow blob in front of you slowly coalesces back into the form of the tyrannical canine girl you knew as Brandy, crouching down in front of you.... -SMEKk- ...And she's smacking you in the face with her monstrous black dick. You groan in pain as the heavy impact of that much hard girlcock knocks you slightly silly again, then try to straighten yourself, only to find that you're still locked to the floor by the silicone dog knot in your gut. "Therrrrrre he isss~.....Stupid fucking bitch, How nice of you to join us again~ I THOUGHT you were going to be a good boi, but just LOOK at the mess that you made!! And then you have the nerve to try to sleep??? ....NO! BAD doggie!!!"

-sMEK-!! The last blow knocks you sideways again, but she catches your head in her paw and turns your musk-matted, bleary face to look out over the floor in front of you. Ropey trails of slick clear puddles mark the floor in a cone before you, with a large pool of the stuff just a foot or two in front of you. It's obviously Brandy's precum - You hadn't seen anyone else in your time here capable of shooting that much or that far, and besides, you were no giant, how could she be blaming yo-....you freeze as your eyes glance down....and notice the little puddle of pearly white just beneath your own crotch, standing out in the sea of her canine pre....and the stringy droplet drooling from the tip of your stiff cock to join the rest of your tiny splatter of cum on the floor. No... When? How? There's no way! Not from being....from being tortured like this!! You glance up, a furious indignant blush burning on your cheeks....which quickly turns to fear as you see the cruel anger in Brandy's eyes. "That's right!! naughty doggie!! Not only did you cause ME to make a mess, you didn't even finish the job properly, AND you had the nerve to sully my floor with your filth!!!" She stands, her full height looming over you once again, and wraps the end of your leash around her clenched fist several times....then brutally -YANKSAll at once your insides flare up with pain as the fat silicone knot in your gut -pops- out far too quickly, the giantess's ridiculous strength easily pulling you free from the clutches of the dildo you'd been inescapably tied to, sending you flying like a ragdoll. You land several feet ahead and collapse in a pile on the floor, face-down in a puddle of Brandy's precum; What little remaining strength you had left is now entirely gone as you groan, feeling almost like your guts have been turned inside-out. Not at all content to allow you to rest, the cruel yellow lab's immense footpaw lands firmly on the back of your head and begins to smear your face through the mess while she taunts you from above. "....Bad little doggieboy faggots get their faces dragged through their messes; Otherwise they won't learn what they did wrong~!!" She licks her lips and grins, sneering as she grinds your face through her fluids, your already-ruined facefur and hair starting to mop up even more mess. "Tssk tssk doggieslut~ Now what did we learnnn~??" She -grrrowls- and gives the leash a hard, disciplinary yank. ".....You need to use your fucking tongue~"

Your spirit broken and the last of the fight drained from your body, you slip your tongue from your muzzle without thinking... and begin to silently, obediently, lap her precum up off the cold, filthy concrete floor. ----------------------------------- It was a warm sunny day as Kiloh jogged down the sidewalk, humming pleasantly to herself as she enjoyed the lovely summer weather. The huge, well-muscled cougress, dressed in only stretchy form-fitting spandex runner's shorts and a sports bra that struggled to contain her immense bust, was accompanied by her feral pet german shepherd who trotted happily by her side with her tongue panting out and tail wagging. Wiping the sweat from her brow, Kiloh shaded her eyes from the sun as she glanced ahead down the block and caught sight of her destination just coming into view. Grinning, she turned to look down at her dog: "Almost there, Rexxy! ...Maybe Brandy'll have a -treat- for ya, girl~!" Rexxy simply -Borked!!- excitedly once as she looked up at her master, her muzzle drooling slightly at the mention of prospective treats and her tail -swishing- the air hard at the thought. "Hehee~....No promises though girl; Depends on how... vigorous Brandy has been with her training lately... though... knowing her.... -snrrk-" Rexxy cocks her head in apparent question at her master as the large feline snorts a little laugh and reaches a paw down to conspicuously adjust the sizable sweaty bulge she was making in her running shorts, but the cougress leaves it at that as the duo continue their jog. It's not until they pass the local park and the trees growing there along the sidewalk that the incongruous scale of the woman and her dog become apparent: The muscular cougress must stand nearly 14 feet tall, and her pet dog is significantly bigger than even the largest of standard feral draft horses! However, a glance around the surrounding area would confirm that this was hardly out of the ordinary for this city: Park benches started at the height of a man's shoulder, doorways resembled a pair of semi-truck loading docks stacked vertically, and the ridiculously large structures lining the streets - such as the one the cougress now approached - were scaled to suit the height of the giant women that inhabited them. Kiloh slowed from a jog to a walk as she reached the storefront, emblazoned with "Brandy's Petshop and Obedience School'', and wiped her brow again as she walked up to the door and tugged on the handle - only to find it locked. Rolling her eyes, the cougar grins and crouches down to her pet, producing a leash from her pocket and tying her pup to a nearby street sign.

"Be a good girl until I get back, okay Rexxy? ...Looks like Brandy's 'lunch break' has gone a little long again~" The german shepherd merely borks and licks her owner's face in reply, and Kiloh giggles as she stands, then turns and pads down the adjacent alley until she comes to a side door. Trying the handle, she finds it unlocked like usual and pushes it open, letting herself into one of the back rooms of Brandy's shop. Immediately, the smell of sex in the air tickles her nose and the sound of wet slapping flesh draws her attention towards the doorway on the opposite wall, towards the room that Brandy affectionately referred to as "The Doghouse". Grinning and licking her lips, Kiloh's sweaty spandex-wrapped bulge throbs with a surge of anticipation as she begins to walk towards the doorway, already knowing what she'd find, even before she reached the threshold and leaned casually against it to observe the scene within: There in the middle of the room, surrounded by her various training 'implements', was Brandy the yellow labrador; Down on her wide-splayed knees, panting and drooling happily, and rutting balls-deep into a cute little male hyena toyslut that she had leashed and tied to a post. She currently had a grip on a pawful of the little thing's hair, and was smearing his face back and forth against the floor through what looked like a puddle of drool or precum or both; while the pathetically helpless male weakly lapped his tongue at the floor. Smirking, the feline hooks a thumb into her shorts and tugs the waist down, finally freeing her hard, barbed and knotted kittycock from the humid steamy confines of her shorts, and begins to casually stroke it to the sexy sight of the giantess using her latest toy, not wanting to interrupt her fun. Only after a couple minutes does the cougress finally reach her free fist up to -rapp- lightly on the doorframe above her. "Knock-Knock~ Heya Brandy! ...Workin' hard? Hehe." The lab doesn't respond for a moment, seemingly too-engrossed in the pleasure of railing the little hyena as she mashes her wide hips against his ass, until she finally seemingly snaps out of it and notices the cat standing there. She doesn't stop though - her rhythm unbroken as she simply turned to look at the cougar happily while continuing to pound away at the boy, her bubbly speech halting and broken by her own thrusts: "....o-Oh! -plap- Hey Kilohhh~!! -plap-...hhhff...-plap!!-....What like- -plap- -brings you by today~? -plap-....mnnfuck; sorry!! -plap- ...This little doggiebitch's ass -plap- -is just like.... -plap!!- soOOooo goood~!!! ...-plap- You should def try it!!" Kiloh licks her lips at the thought, a large dollop of feline precum leaking from her cumslit as she strokes up towards her tip, milking it out to -drooool- onto the floor. "Heee~...Mnnf....I'd love to, but I'm just here to make a little delivery; Special request for this one, guess they want the lil' slut trained up good~!" Peeling her sweaty shorts all the way down now, the cougress allows the sopping-wet garment

to drop to her ankles before she steps out of it, then spreads her legs a bit. Fat, weighty feline balls spring free from their confinement and sag heavily in her sack, punctuated by a thick tuft of luscious red ballfur, soaked in her sweat. The cat sighs happily as she feels the cool air on her steamy bits. "Oofff, feels good to air out the girls a bit after my jog~....but mnnf, lemme just reach down and...." The cat licks her lips again as she reaches a paw down beneath and behind her balls and bends forward at the waist, then grabs...something... and starts to tug it out, shimmying her hips a little. An orange-ish form wriggles a bit in her paw until she finally drags it free from it's musky sauna of a hiding place: It's a small, slender red panda toy!! ...She'd apparently been carrying him with his face jammed up into the seam of her crotch, huffing her sweaty bush, with his body bent around beneath her taint and then flossed up into her asscrack; all but hidden from view even without the benefit of being covered by her running shorts afterward! He's utterly drenched in steaming cougress sweat, and gasps loudly for air as she pulls him free of herself. "Therrre he is~ Look at that cute orange fur and the white markings on his chest that look like little wings~!! Isn't he just the prettiest little fag--" Kiloh is interrupted as the gasping red panda male in her paw finally recovers enough breath to shout out in a panic: "N....No more!.....Oh god, p-...PLEASE!! I couldn't breathe!! ..th-the HEAT!! d-Don't put me back in there, god, the smell!! I'll... I'll do anythin--!!!!-- ...HHURRKLGLgllkl-!!!!" The red panda is cut off sharply as Kiloh rolls her eyes and simply drops him. He falls towards the floor, but is quickly stopped by a leash attached to his collar, which -cracks- like a whip as it snaps tightly into tension under his body weight and jerks him to a halt, choking him severely and leaving him dangling by the neck with his footpaws just inches above the floor. Following the short leash upward, it becomes apparent that it's lead is attached to one of the substantial metal ring piercings on the feline's massive sheath, and it now supported his entire weight as the huge cat merely let him hang there with a cruel smirk. "....Shut up, slut; The women are talking~" The cougress hefts her cock in her paw and casually resumes stroking herself as she once more leans on the doorframe and turns back to talk to Brandy... while the choking, gurgling redpan swayed gently by his neck between her legs, grasping wildly at the collar around his throat, struggling to breathe, his legs kicking randomly. "...So like I was saying; Isn't his fur just the prettiest? Just makes me wanna nut all over it, hehee~....."

She reaches down with her free paw and gives the unfortunate, suffering panda a hard -flickwith her finger, sending him spinning like a ballerina as she smirked and continued: "...But unfortunately, the client knows he's 'rare' and they're paying a lot so we're not allowed to break him....Just gettim' all trained up and obedient-" <Kiloh eyes the canine girl with gravity> "...Seriously this time - no breaking him - you gotta actually be careful, ok?? ...I promise that afterwards I'll bring you some extra disposable fuckmeat; good ones even!!" Brandy wears a suddenly sour face as she continues to rut her hyena boy, glancing away and mumbling about how "it's not like she ALWAYS breaks them or something"....but then brightens right back up when the cougress mentions free extra toys: "Reallly? ...FUCK-yeah~!! Heheeee~..." She pauses a moment to consider the offer while her hips continue to pump against the unfortunate yeen toy: "...I guessssss I can be extra careful then~; But I want-... Hhhhfff!!" With a sharp huff of triumphant pleasure, she suddenly thrusts particularly hard into the delirious, dead-eyed, cocksock of a yeen, eliciting a pathetic -whimper- from his gaping, mindlessly-drooling muzzle. "Mnnfffyeah~....-Three- disposables!!" Kiloh rolls her eyes and giggles, then grabs the struggling red panda, finally mercifully saving him from his impromptu hanging as she lifts him and begins to undo his leash from her sheath. "Haha, fine, finnnne: You'll get your three!! Oh and-....." She licks one of her fingers, coating it with drool, and then with no warning, slides it forcefully up the gasping red panda's tailhole all at once until his belly bulges outward. The grinning cougress makes a show of wiggling her fingertip as if to show it off to her fellow giantess through the toy's slender, brown-furred belly: "....Don't be TOO careful though; This pretty little boytoy is stretchier than most~!! ...Take it from me~ -snrrrk-" The self-amused cougress removes her finger just as quickly from the now stunned, twitching redpan boy and walks towards the toy cages. "You wanna grab the keys to one of your cage-..."

Kiloh trails off mid-sentence as she notices Brandy's eyes have glazed over a little at the sight of her demonstration with the redpan, the yellow lab girl huffing in pleasure, now once again getting totally engrossed in breeding her own captive toy. ".....Oh right...You're busy~" Kiloh glances around, then eyes one of the training dildos mounted to the floor; With another cruel smirk, she crouches down and holds the little panda above the toy, allowing the tip to slide up under his tail. "...I'll just leave him here for you~" ...And then she -slams- the slinky little male onto the training dildo and straight to the base; The fat silicone knot thoroughly lodging into his gut and trapping him there. Kiloh stands, her tailtip fwipping, and clips the lead of a convenient leash tied off to a cage door on the shelf above to the toy redpan's collar, then turns to leave. As she passes by Brandy, the panting labrador girl manages to speak up again: "Leaving already??....hhhfff....You surrrrrre you don't wanna try my new doggiebitch~? Look!-" Brandy shoves her fingertips into the blank-eyed hyena's mouth and lifts his head, letting his jaw fall open and tongue loll from his muzzle as she shows off his drooly mouth and his broken, thousand-yard stare to the cougress. "....His mouth is free, and like, I know how much you like boimouthes, heheee~!!" Kiloh groans at the sight, her paw stroking her leaking cock again as she considers. "UGH.....I'd love to but I got other shit I have to do today and you know how it is when you get distracted with a good toyslut...but mnnf....tell you what~" The predatory feline eyes the feeding dishes on the floor next to the two male toys and grins, working herself closer to her much-needed climax. Walking to stand over them, she aims at the first bowl....strokes out 3 more quick pumps along her length....and then -fires- with a loud purring moan!! Her heavy balls tug upwards in her sack as she begins to pulse thick ropes of her musky steaming load into the first bowl - appropriately labeled "BITCH" for the hyena boy - until it's overflowing, then turns and finishes emptying her balls into the red panda's new feeding dish - also properly labeled "SLUT". Only once it too is full of hot virile kittysperm does she turn and crouch down to wipe her cum-slicked cock off on the helpless panda's face with a grin. "Mnnf, fuck yeahh~....I'll take care of their feeding for today~....But make sure you keep your little pets on a proper diet! ....especially this pretty slut~!!" She -smacks- the panda in the muzzle with her half-flaccid cock to emphasize her point.

"...Little faggot loves boifeed~; Isn't that RIGHT, slut?" The cougress -graaowlls- those last few words threateningly at the panda, as if daring him to say otherwise. He can only just barely manage to sheepishly look up, shaking in fear, and eke out: "...y..yes ma'am....I....I never want to eat a-anything else ever again..." Snickering in satisfaction, the cougress finally turns to leave, grabbing her shorts and sliding them back on before she pauses at the doorway. "Oh, by the way, I have Rexxy outside with me today! You got any 'treats' for her~?" Brandy is already slapping her hips into her yeen toy again, picking her rhythm back up right where she left off, and can only manage a wave at the big cat: "Hhfff! ...Ch-...Check the bin on your way out~...I th-think I left one in there earlier today?" Kiloh waves a goodbye back over her shoulder as she pads out to the other room and makes her way over to the large green bin by the door, humming to herself as she peers inside. She smiles and her tail flicks as she spots what she was hoping for, then reaches in to grab her prize: ...And withdraws the bloated form of a spent toy that -almost- resembles a male raccoon with his tail missing. Glancing to the nearby shelf where the cat knew Brandy usually kept her SinCorp shrink serum, Kiloh helps herself to a half-empty injector and jams it into the toy's thigh, pulling the trigger and dispensing a dose with a pneumatic -pshsst-. Immediately, the male's body begins to shrink down further from it's already lesser size - Sin's unique brand of super-science taking effect regardless of the toy's current condition - until he's no larger than an oddly-sloshy grapefruit in the cougar's paw....if grapefruits grew to the scale of giantesses, anyway. Smiling in satisfaction, Kiloh tosses the injector back up onto the shelf, then pushes her way out of the side door to Brandy's shop and back into the warm summer-afternoon air, whistling to her pet as she walked back up the alley towards the sidewalk: -Fwweeet!- "...Rexxxxy~!! ...Got something for you girllll~!" Rexxy -borkborks- happily at the sound of her master returning, then goes absolutely wild as she spies the bloated little toy the cougress was holding; spinning and bouncing on her paws as her tail wags like crazy. The street sign she was tied to -creaks- under the strain of the feral canine's leash where it tugs on it's pole. "Heheee, calm downnn girl!! Shh Shh shhh~!....You wan'a treat~?"

The dog instantly freezes and sits, slamming her butt straight onto the sidewalk and coming to attention as she hears those magical words, staring up at the big cougress intently with perked ears, her mouth beginning to -drooool- in anticipation. "-Snrrk-....gooood girllll!!! .....Catch~!!!" Kiloh tosses the tiny, used-up toy into the air towards her pet and, like a rocket, Rexxy leaps, her maw yawning wide....Then, with a snap of her jaws, the raccoon is gone. "GOOD doggg~!!!" Kiloh ruffles her pet's headfur with a purrrr as she leans down to untie her leash... then suddenly pauses as her ear twitches at a feint, delightful sound - the fluffy radar dish swiveling back towards the shop to catch the soft, muffled -yelp- of a hyena, just loud enough to penetrate the sturdy brick walls and make it all the way out to the street. Grinning to herself, the cougress feels her sheath stir as she stands and turns to set off on the second leg of her jog: ...Sounds like Brandy managed to bury her knot again~ -END
