Into The Rabbit Hole - Ch 02 Story Commission by DamienDeath20 Warnings: (Rape, Size Diff, H/m/ Sex, Near-Death) How far was she carrying him? It felt like hours had gone by with Jay swaying back and forth as his body bounced with each step she took. Well...step was a loose term for how the Bunny girl bounded out of the forest with her prize in tow. She had managed to remember her bodysuit before they made it too far and slipped it back on. 'How could I forget my manners?' Jay recalled how she said that as she got dressed, then resumed her long trek back to the city. It nearly earned an eye roll from him...had he not been scared for his life. She nearly killed Ika, and then just left him out there to be found by whatever happened to stumble across him! Jay hoped to the Gods that his friend would be able to recover and get away before anything unsavory found him. But what he really needed to worry about right now was himself. This Hunter paw, was bringing him into the heart of the city, the place you absolutely did NOT want to be in if you were a male. Especially a rare species like himself, and Popo knew this too, because she stopped off at a small cabin near the edge of the woods where apparently some gear for Hunter paws were stored. She took from the cabin a large metallic box, baring the symbol of Sin Corp. with an eye slit and a few air holes punched in it, large enough for him to fit inside and... Fit him inside it. "Don't want anyone stealing my money maker now do we? Heehee!" She ruffled his hair as she set him down inside the carrying case. Keeping him hogtied of course by the capture device, and closed the lid, latching it from the outside and just caveman style lifting him over her shoulder. From there on, it was another long bouncy trek into the streets, he supposed he should be thankful for the cover of the box. Since onlookers wouldn't be able to see his nude form exposed and bound like this, but it still just made him feel like a prisoner. An object that this Huntress paw was just seeking to turn in for a profit. It made him sick with worry, he could barely bring his eyes to the viewing slit to look at his surroundings. And when he did, he wished even more that he hadn't. With the narrow view, he was able to make out the electric chain link fence that surrounded the Rabbit Hole. A temporary protective measure to keep the male population in, and possible

intruders out. He heard rumors that there were plans to surround the city in a tall stone and steel wall as well. Diminishing all prisoners hope for escape even further. After that, there were tall buildings, at first they appeared dilapidated and run down on the outskirts, reconstruction was still underway this far out and only the least wealthy lived out this far. This was also where he saw the bulk of the slave labor being conducted as well... There were trenches being dug, stones being lifted and shoveled out, rubble being carted around, all by either fully naked or semi-naked slave boys. Watched closely...very closely, by City Watch girls. None afraid to crack the whip if they saw them slowing down, granted they weren't using actual whips, but what they did have might as well have been. They carried weapons, firearms and non-lethal equipment they could surely use to light a fire under a boys booty if they viewed him as dragging his feet. It was terrible, terrible to watch even for the briefest of time he did. Popo moved beyond that so he knew he wasn't bound for the slave labor trade...most likely... Further in though, passed a few more security checkpoints, guarded by tall predator animal women like wolves and lionesses, buildings looked more refurbished. Becoming more and more grand the closer they got to the city center. Home to the more wealthy and powerful of the paws, even though the male species was now completely subservient to them, the women still formed a hierarchy in their society of lower, middle, and upper class. This section was also home to the breeding farms, easily able to be spotted from way down the street due to the lengthy lines of women standing outside them waiting to get inside. Once again, Jay counted his lucky stars that Popo seemed to be passing them by, but the sight in his limited view was no less haunting. Lines of varying women, bunnies, dogs, cats, horses, leopards, a slew of all different races stretching down the streets and around the blocks. There had to be easily a hundred in a single line, all holding onto little tickets or pagers, depending on how 'classy' the farm was. With a number stamped onto them, or waiting for the pager to buzz notifying them when it was their turn to...breed. Jay shuddered, even inside the box he was pretty sure he could hear the moans of the boys all the way over here. Perhaps it was just his imagination, but it wouldn't surprise him if it wasn't. He wasn't able to spend much time dwelling on that fear though as Popo made an unexpected turn down one of the streets. Heading towards not one of the taller buildings, but a smaller two story one just a bit off the main road. Jay caught a glimpse of a sign over the double door entrance that read, 'Juxtaposition: Trap and Training.' Jay gulped... Outside the box, he could hear a few voices speaking to his captor, a bit muffled but distinctly female, of course, calling out. "New catch Popo?" The bunny in question replied, "Paws off! This ones miiiine!" That sing song-y voice chilled the red panda to the bone, completely remorseless in what she had done, just merrily hopping to this

shop without a care in the world. Like she didn't just completely destroy two lives with her actions. She pushed the front doors open and marched through them like she owned the place, instantly calling out, "Juxtaaaaa! Juxta baaabe where are yooooooou?" A moment or two passed before there was a distant reply, "Training room." A very monotone, voice responded, with the slightest hint of annoyance lacing it. Popo quickly made her way off in the direction of the sound while Jay managed to get a quick look at the surroundings he was brought to. Hoping that if he had an idea of the layout of this place, maybe he could plan some type of escape. That is of course, assuming that this damn mechanical bondage gets taken off of him at some point. It didn't hold him painfully tight, but just tight enough that any movement was quickly shut down from the cables binding his limbs. And being hogtied like this for a prolonged period definitely wasn't the most comfortable position in the world either. His legs and arms were beginning to get a little sore, and the metal of the cables binding him was probably going to start chaffing if she kept bouncing him around in the box. The interior of the first room was simple, a few shelves lining the grey painted walls with small gadgets that Jay didn't get a good look at. Probably just 'Pet' items for sale, or traps like the one used on himself and Ika. There was also a desk by the back which went wall to wall that Popo crossed to, lifting a small bar that separated behind it from the front of the store and headed to the back. A door with a plaque reading, 'Employees Only' led them to a short hallway with a few more doors on either side of them. He couldn't read every plaque labelling them, but the one he did get to spot, thankfully due to his high elevation from being hauled over her shoulder, was 'Training Room.' Popo practically kicked the door in and belted out, "Honey! I'm hooome!" Now this room, had Jay even more concerned for his wellbeing. It could definitely be called a training center, it was larger than the entire front room, Hell, he'd bet this room probably took up most of the square footage of the entire building! An obstacle course was set up on the far back, with some ramps, a few hoops, hurdles, a water pit, etc. Several tables were also strewn about the space with numerous instruments of various...use, namely all looked to be sexual from Jay's point of view. He could see large butt plugs, some with crystals on the end, some with little pink hearts, and obviously their size varied from slightly large to, absolutely impossible. Whips and floggers, chains and collars, doggy bowls and cattle prods. So many tools of this bunnies trade were available, the floor itself was also made of a large rubber, or foam mat. Jay couldn't tell but he could see Popo's feet making indents with each step. And lining the walls were what looked to be, 'words of encouragement', or rather, subliminal messages to try and break boys down easier.

'You are a toy, you're life is to serve, OBEY, serve your Mistress, lick her feet, let her hurt you, you need her, she is your love, you belong beneath her feet, your holes are her pleasure, your servitude is her pleasure, your pain is her pleasure.' And on and on it went, but it wasn't just words, there were also pictures, posted up every few feet, blown up big and placed on a digital backdrop so that they were constantly cycling through photos like a slide show. All of the pics shown were of males like Jay, or even younger boys going through the training. They were bound, gagged, blindfolded, being whipped and fucked. Forced to rush through the obstacle course, rolling over, eating and drinking out of bowls on the floor. Jay could hardly look at them, some of the boys in those pictures looked so young! Jay thankfully had lived a life into his twenties, but the thought of a male barely on the cusp of adulthood being forced to obey a cruel mistress like this made his heart hurt. It was a chamber to break them down, turn males into perfect obedient pets. And it made Jay sick to think they had been doing this to many others before him, and now he was probably next. That's when the voice from before spoke up again, "Good toy, keep eating...now what is it Popo?" His attention was drawn to the figure in the center of the room, where the bunny had been taking him this whole time. And there she stood, with a hand on her hip and a red leather leash in the other, one foot raised up to be stepping down on the back of a grey wolf male. Not much bigger than a pup size, her foot paw pressed his upper back down into a bowl filled with a thick white liquid that his tongue was slowly licking up. Softly lapping up the syrupy substance without disgust or resistance from him. The leash was attached to a collar around his neck, and both of his arms were bound in leather and chain shackles, forcing him to bend over without support into the bowl. The added weight of the paw gently being applied practically had him slooooowly sinking deeper into his gooey supper. She was the star of all the pictures around them, another bunny girl, looking to be the exact same height as the imposing Popo, only with a much lighter color to her fur. Popo was a darker almost brown, while this woman's fur was brighter, similar to an off-white, and it remained that color all over her except for her fingers and exposed breasts where it brightened up even further into almost completely white. Rosy pink nipples at the tip of her large mounds, and drooping down between her spread legs, was another massive cock. Flaccid...mostly, but with an occasional pulse to it as she watched her current pet be a good boy for her. She wasn't even pressing down on his back; he willingly was licking up the yummy meal out of the bowl she so kindly prepared for him. It as then Jay realized that her softer cock may not have been soft until just recently... Even with its flaccid state though Jay could easily tell it was big, probably on par with his captor's twenty inches when fully hard. Her rabbit ears stuck out over her head with a fluffy and slightly spikey head of dirty blonde hair, matching the color of the bright amber eyes glancing over at them.

"I have brought you something I knooow you're gonna like!" Popo cheerfully began, skipping closer until she was right in front of the other bunny and her pet in training. Jay was starting to think he was going to actually be sick from both the disgust of what was going on around him, and also the constant jostling of the box. "I brought in the best haul that we've had for weeks!" Juxta looked at the bubbly bunny with a quirked brow, she wasn't too fond of Popo barging in during training sessions with her pets, especially when she was working with such an obedient one like the wolf pup. She didn't mind having her around when it came to punishing her disobedient ones, but the attitude she constantly sported could definitely throw off the equilibrium she had going for her during sessions. Now of course Popo was entitled to the pets a decent amount, considering that she was the one who caught them all. Juxta was the trainer, but Popo was the hunter, they were a team in the business that they owned. So she at least owed the other bunny her attention when it came to something important enough for her to charge in with it. "Alright, go on." She offered, resting her forearm over her knee, gently putting a little weight down on her toys back. Not aggressively, just silently encouraging him to eat all his supper. Popo looked overexcited, "Okay, so..." She took hold of the crate in her arm with both hands and hopped it off of her shoulder. Further shaking up Jay inside, then bent over to set it on the floor before Juxta, her fingers quickly undoing the little latch that kept the cover locked. "I was doing my daily runs like always, and I came across the cuuuutest pair of boys! They actually managed to slip by the guards near the border of the forest and were running for the high hills. They nearly made it too, had little old me not gotten to them in time of course." She stated proudly. Juxta nodded, "Okay..." But then realized something about that little story, "You said two boys?" "Mhm!" Popo nodded. "Well why is there only one box here?" She tilted her head. Popo's eyes rolled about coyly, "Weeeeeeellll..." She reached up and twirled her ear around her finger a few times, "You see he was this cute little fox, but he had suuuuch and annoying mouth! Like seriously, some of the toy's we've had in hear get mouthy but out there? He obviously hadn't been in the presence of the paws for a while, just flapping his yap whenever he got the chance to." She opened and closed her opposite hand, pretending it was a mouth that wouldn't stop talking. "So I decided the most generous thing I could do would be to show him his place and punish him on the spot for being so mouthy!" That made Juxta narrow her eyes, "Popo..." Her tone became more aggravated, like she was talking to a child and preparing to scold them. "Now I know you're gonna be mad! But here me out!" She put up her hands in defense, "He was noooot good for the group, I mean he obviously had a problem with authority sooo I just had a little fun and decided that with his belly all bloated up and everything he isn't gonna last a day

out there before somone scoops him up or some hungry wolves spot him so it doesn't maaaaterrrr." "Are you kidding me??" Juxta's jaw went low, "You just left him out there? A perfectly good male?" Popo shrugged, "I'm telling you he wouldn't have been trainable, I know it for a fact!" "Did he beg you to stop? Was he weak? Did you give him a second to atone for his mouthing off? Did you even think about how much money he could make us if he turned out to be a good pet?" She asked, leaning in with her brows furrowed. Frustration evident in her voice, where Popo saw a few good orgasms, Juxta saw dollar signs just flying out the window. "And what IF another Hunter picks him up? So you're okay with money flying out of our pockets and into the hands of our competitors? Hm?" She lifted a finger to protest and opened her mouth to reply...but hesitated, "Huh...well...I guess I didn't think about that...oopsie!" She giggled and scratched the back of her head sheepishly. "Ugh! Popo!" Juxta actually stepped back off of the wolf under her paw and waved her arms aggravatedly. "Seriously?? Do you ever not think with your dick for five seconds??" Jay listened to the argument from below, and in this moment felt a slight sense of joy in the idea that the bunny who raped his friend may just get her ass chewed out for doing so. A small victory for sure, but it would be a victory nonetheless. "Juxtaaa relaaax, it's not like paws don't go snuffing little boys out to get their rocks off all the time." It seemed so nonchalant to her, like murder was just second nature, she was so uncaring. But Juxta wasn't too easily swayed to that opinion, she did know that many paws indulged in the thrill of taking a life sexually, but in her mind, why would you waste such valuable currency in times like these? Every boy may be worthless, but they were also precious, as many as possible needed to be collected and preserved to help keep the delicate ecosystem of the Rabbit Hole functioning smoothly. She paced away for a moment, "And why did you think I was going to like this?" The darker bunny grinned, "Ohhh because of this little fella I've got in here." She lifted her leg and stepped down on top of the box Jay was in. Juxta turned back around, "What? The one boy you brought back with you?" She asked skeptically, to which Popo nodded. "Why do you think I'd be happy about you bringing home one boy when you could have easily secured two?" "Because this one is easily worth a dozen." She replied, suddenly lifting her leg and kicking the box hard. This caused it to roll over multiple times, the lid almost flying off from the force of her kick and the compartment ungracefully scattering away while Jay was rolled out onto the floor. "Mmmmfhmm!!" He yelled in shock as his world spun a few times before coming to a stop

partially on his back, but his propped-up legs not allowing him to lay on it fully so he teetered on his side. He blinked a few times since the bright electric lights in the ceiling was a stark contrast to the dark interior of his box where he'd spent maybe the last two hours. But obviously what drew his attention, was the silhouette of the rabbit Juxta, shadowy from the lights behind her, staring down at him with a look of surprise and almost disbelief. She scanned over his body once...twice...blinking repeatedly herself. She recognized the color of this fur, the shape of the tail, the smell she was easily able to pick up radiating from him naturally. The pheromone that his kind naturally secreted and what attracted the paws to this species like moths to white hot flame. She actually squatted over him, getting a closer look at the male, stark naked and bound by the metal cables. Carefully she inspected him, reaching out once to feel along his side, testing the texture and softness of his fur. There was no question about it, Popo...unbelievably, had found a red panda. A red...fucking...panda... "I...I don't believe it..." Juxta actually muttered, she hadn't been this surprised in a long time and Popo's ego was swelling with each passing second. Red pandas were unspeakably rare, and when they were found they were corralled and hoarded to the wealthiest sectors of the Rabbit Hole. Held in the high buildings by those who could afford them, Juxta was pretty sure there were only maybe three or four in the city. Or five now apparently, she truly couldn't believe her eyes. "I told you! Seeeee? I know I should've brought the other one home too but come ooon do you really think you can be mad at me?" The childish bunny said, knowing that she essentially had dropped a pre-war diamond on the floor before her business partner. Juxta tried to come up with something to say, any type of non-appreciative comeback for Popo's neglectful actions. But she was too wrapped up in appreciating this fine young specimens' body and features to really grab one. The rumors about red pandas smelling fucking fantastic were pretty spot on, Juxta could feel her cock beginning to pulse again with the desire to meet this new arrival. And if that rumor was true, then the other about them being so compatible with the new age of females was probably true too. How they could biologically take the massive cocks and loads of cum all of the world's women walked around with now. How resilient they were to punishment and how perfect they were for breeding. Also that they were incredibly tight...can't forget that one. This males' big blue eyes looked up at Juxta, obviously afraid. Probably thinking due to the display of what she was doing in here with her pet, that he was up next. But as tempting as that

thought was, Juxta knew that wasn't going to happen. The dollar signs she saw going out the window just pulled a one eighty and were flying right back in. How much could they make off this boy?? The paws were sure to pay a fortune to have him! And maybe even one of the rich girls up at Sin Corp. would like to add another to their collection, the possibilities were numerous. And all of them ended up putting loads of cash in Juxta's pocket. "Well...haven't you just made my day little one..." Juxta reached up and stroked along the hair on Jays head. He winced a little bit, not out of pain but fear. No doubt Popo probably put on quite the display fucking his companion. "Weeeeell? How about a thank you Popo for doing so good and bringing a fucking red panda home??" The other bunny started causing Juxta to roll her eyes in annoyance as she was brought out of her daydreams of big money. She stood up to her full height, matching Popo's as Jay predicted, "Oh you got lucky finding him, and even if you did find something so valuable you still could've brought the other one home too. You need to understand that it's valuable boys and money your throwing away when you do that." She put her hands back on her hips as she slightly scolded her. Popo scoffed, "Oh come on, I made us so much money now as is! And I was gonna bring both of them back but then I saw that he was a red panda and I figured it would be okay. Besides you didn't meet the other boy, he had the workings of an untrainable. You know like that feisty squirrel in the back!" She pointed out. Juxta noticeably winced as she heard him mentioned, "Yes well at least he got a fair shot, it's better to try and know for sure rather than to just assume and waste potential." She fired back, and Popo's cocky grin finally slackened to a bit of a frustrated look of her own. "Ugh, fine. So what? No good job Popo? No reward for all my hard work?" Popo pouted, crossing her arms over her busty chest. There was a pause, "...Now I didn't say that..." Juxta said, "Bringing home a boy like this is a major score, and you're right. Easily he could be worth a dozen normal boys, I won't deny that. I'd just like for you to keep in mind to try and contain yourself next time. Not until we know for sure they're spirit can't be broken do we dispose of them." The other bunny huffed, not wanting to admit the audacity of her own actions. So she simply nodded her head and looked away. Her pout still going strong, "Fiiine." "But with that said, yes Popo. I do think you've earned a reward for such a fine catch." Juxta looked back down at Jay, nudging his face a little with her foot. And since the bindings were still there he really couldn't even flinch away, having to just take her foot paw on his face while she inspected him with her toes. Popo lit up, "Wait really? I thought you were gonna be all huffy puffy there for a second."

"I can't ignore how much money you just made us, going without rewarding you for such a job well done would be bad for business." She offered a slight smirk, either showing her partner she appreciated the catch, or she was just enjoying toying with the red panda on the floor. "So can I play with him!??" Popo hopped on her tiptoes, looking like a child on Christmas morning. Only to have the excitement immediately shot down by a glance from Juxta, "No, absolutely not. He's too valuable to hand over to you, you're waaaay too excitable and if you lose control you could damage the goods." "Awwwww..." Popo's shoulders sagged. "I mean, can't you smell him? Did you even bother to inhale his scent much?" She asked, finally ceasing her nudging his face with her feet. "He's got the scent of a virgin all over him, I'm willing to bet this boy's never even touched a cock besides his own little one down here." Only to once again nudge his lower body with the same paw, "But even so just look at those innocent little eyes, I'd be willing to bet he hardly ever plays with himself, if not at all." Jay's gaze switched between the two bunnies, the white one eyeing him with dollar symbols as her irises, while the darker one looked at him with throbbing heart eyes the more she talked. "This can't be happening to me." He thought sadly, especially feeling the blush run to his cheeks as Juxta nearly instantly identified the fact that he'd managed to stay a virgin all his life. Who knew how long that was going to last now. "Oh pleeeeeease can I play with him pleeeeeease! Please please pleeeeease???" Popo locked her fingers together and practically begged Juxta to have just one go at him. But unfortunately for her, Juxta remained strong, "Nooope, sorry Po, but a virgin red panda? We could easily get double what he's already worth for that. Maybe even triple if we bring him to a full house auction. This little guy could have us rolling in money for a year bare minimum." Again Popo's shoulders went down in despair, but she acknowledged at least that Juxta was right. Business had been getting slower for all middle class shop owners due to the dwindling male population. The fortune they could make off just one catch could set them up to be living pretty for a good while. So solemnly she nodded, "Okay fiine, what's my reward then?" Suddenly there was a tiny voice from beside Jay. "M...Mistress?" Juxta's head snapped over to look at the wolf pup, lifting his small muzzle just only a few inches above his bowl of her graciously provided supper. "Hey! I did not say you could speak!" She sternly said before marching back over to him, still on his knees, blue eyes blinking in shock and fear as she quickly returned to her place over him, "You do not talk until you finish!" She lifted her leg and stomped down on the boys upper back, shoving his face back into the bowl of milky white gunk. Jay didn't have to take multiple guesses as to what it was filling that bowl.

The wolf pup moaned in his doggy dish, "Mmmffrryymmsshtrsss!!" It came out garbled, as he very hastily resumed mowing into the dinner, courtesy of Juxta's balls. "That's right slut, say your sorry again." She leaned over and smacked the boys bare bottom. "MmmshhoooshrrryyMsshtrrsss!!!" Followed by sloppy sounds of gobbling and chewing her chunky batter. She nodded satisfied, "Good toy." Then looked back over to Popo and Jay, the latter of which staring absolutely baffled and horrified at that whole event while Popo looked to be getting even more excited at it. The bulge in the bottom of her body suit only grew bigger by the minute, as did Juxta's whenever she got to show her authority over her pets. "Hmm...now, anyways. Your reward we were discussing?" She resumed, acting like that outburst hadn't even happened. "Chaa!" Popo exclaimed, "What do I get for making us rich?" She waved her arms at her sides. "Hmm...well." Juxta stepped off her toy again, and started to walk by the two others. "First off, I need to use the restroom, I'm sure you both could agree there's nothing like a good post cum piss to relax your cock." She said looking down at Jay, "Well...maybe you don't know that." Mocking him as she strided by, her semi-hard dick bouncing with her movement. Parading around her establishment naked and proud, heading towards the entrance to the room. Jay's eyes followed Juxta as she went, spotting her own fluffy tail and toned ass as she strut her stuff. The door to the training room was still open since Popo hadn't bothered to close it, so Juxta crossed the hall and went to the room directly opposite of this one. The plaque on this door read, 'Restroom.' She pushed it open revealing the near pitch blackness inside and immediately Jay could hear a few gasps in surprise. "Oooou! You're definitely gonna wanna see this boy." Popo said, squatting beside Jay and pushing him over again so he rested on his other side. Able to now view into the room more clearly as Juxta flipped the lightswitch on. His heart nearly stopped. Inside the room, was tile floor and walls, with a row of sinks on the far side, but on the left and right of the room, rather than stalls or toilets or anything like that. There were instead metal bars, arranged in a way so that they formed a box like structure with three spaces between them. And in those spaces were more boys. They were set into them with a tiny cushion under the bars on their bottoms so they could sit, but their heads all had to be upturned slightly due to the way the rest of the bars were set. Almost like a stockade, their hands and heads were held through the top and clamped into place so they couldn't get away. More bars were wedged under and over their knees and manacled around their shins keeping their legs spread wide open below. Also tucked into their mouths, were thin metal prongs forming and O shaped gag, holding their jaws open for whatever they had to accept into their awaiting caverns.

Basically, this restroom was comprised of living urinals, males put in here either as a punishment, or as just a form of service to their superior Mistresses. Juxta walked into the center of the room, her cock steadily pulsing in front of her with anticipation and she placed her knuckles on her hips. "Alright pets, who's thirsty?" She asked with a lewd purr to her tone. Jay could see many of the boys closing their eyes, some trying to shake their heads desperately, but unable to say anything in protest aside from a few mewls. "Come ooon boys...I know your thirsty...it's been over a day since you've had anything to drink." She tormented them, reaching down to slowly stroke her stiffening dick. "You know the rules, after you've drank your due, you're off bathroom duty, and a nice cup of milk and hot food awaits. All you've gotta do is just glug down a bit of my piss, that's not so baaaad right?" Jay could definitely see how Juxta was a trainer of sorts, awarding obedience and punishing resistance. How long had she been doing this? How many boys minds had broken because of her methods? "If you're not careful sweetie, you might end up in there soon toooooo..." Popo evilly whispered in Jays ear, followed by her signature candy sweet giggle. Jay quivered with fear at her hot breath on his neck. "...the longer you resist the more you'll have to drink before I let you out boys..." Juxta went on, slowly pacing the bathroom floor, like a shark circling her prey. "One pint turns to two...two turns to three and before you know it, your quota's gonna be gallons long!" She mockingly cupped her cheek with feigned surprise. "And I don't think aaany of you boys want that right? No no noooo..." She shook her head, "Sooo...who's thirsty?" There was a moment of pause between the six or so boys in the room, Jay couldn't see how many exactly there were from his limited perspective. But then, finally there was a moan of acceptance as a blue cat boy stuck out his tongue, "Ieeeh thurrstyy isshtreessh..." He tried to say around the gag. This seemed to be a code for submission or something as Juxta immediately darted right over to the young feline. "Now that's a goooood kitty..." Her hand came down and gently scratched the boy behind his ears. His eyes drooped a little at this and his pointy kitty ears twitched a little, Juxta even actually saw a little swish to his tail. "Say ahhh!" She instructed, taking up her almost fully hard cock and pointing it directly at the cats mouth. "Aaaaaaaaahhh..." He sounded off as she told him. Her spongy pink tip rested right onto his tongue and seconds after, there was the sound of rushing liquid being poured very quickly into his mouth. Jay would have shaken his head in denial if he could move at all. She was pissing in his mouth! And from the looks of his speedily undulating throat, he was chugging it all down. But of course she had him stick out his tongue and put her tip right on it so that he got a good full taste of the bitter liquid flowing up from her bladder and out her cock pipe.

"Mmmmmhhh...gooood booooyy..." Juxta gently pet the kitties head while she continued to relieve herself. Reclining her head back and enjoying the ecstasy of this dirty act, "Anybody else want some? Hurry up and say, or else my good kitty's gonna drink it all and be free to go." She wasn't kidding, he either had to have been very thirsty, very into the act, or very desperate to get out. Because his throat meant business as it guzzled gulp after gulp down the hatch. Jay didn't think all the boys accepted their fate, but definitely a few did, all sticking out their tongues and moaning the same phrase, 'I'm thirsty Mistress' as best they could. And Juxta gave a good solid few gulps so every single one that asked nicely. Showing off quite impressive bladder control as she would stop, squeeze out a few more drops, then walk over to the next captive and resume her flow of liquid relief into their waiting mouths. "Nnf..." Popo chewed her lip, continuing to whisper rather lewdly into the red panda's ear. "Wonder how thirsty you'll get before you're begging for good long swig of bunny milk..." He squirmed exceedingly uncomfortably and wanting nothing more than to just close his eye, reopen them and find out that this all was just a bad dream. That didn't come to be yet though as Juxta finished off, 'watering' her toilet bitches, and flicked off the bathroom light. "Kitty did such a good job, you've only got a few sips left and you're out and about again. The rest of you, well let's hope you drink up a little more next time or it's another night in here for you." She shut the door, locking it with the deadbolt from outside, her eyes then moving straight to Jay again. Smiling, she curled her finger towards Popo, signaling her to pick Jay up and bring him along. Just as she did in the woods, Popo lifted Jay by the back of the cables, carrying him easily like a bag of luggage, and headed toward the door. "Pet! Once that bowls empty you can have a few minutes to play in here, but I'll be back to get you in a bit, understand?" The wolf lifted his head very slightly from the interior of the mostly cleaned bowl and nodded his head shyly. After Popo crossed through the doorway, Juxta shut it behind her and locked this one as well. Then started off down the hall, "Sooo..." Popo began, "Before your toilet escapades, you were saying about my reward?" She inquired, following her down to the next room. The plaque on this one just read, 'Bad Boy Room.' And Jay immediately got much more nervous. Juxta chuckled as they approached the door, "Well, you said yourself, the squirrel is untrainable. No matter what method I use he refuses to break, so we must dispose of him. He'll never make a good sell anywhere with his spirit as strong as it is. And since you've picked up on the delights of snuffing out little defiant boys of the world, I figured you could do the honors." Popo lit up, "Really?? I can??" A huge grin growing on her face showing off her front rabbit teeth. "Mhm, but! Just this once, as a treat from me to you for the red panda." She talked about him like he wasn't even here, hanging below her in Popo's grip. "You have to promise me two

things, one, no unnecessary killing of males, and two, no touching the red panda. He's too valuable to foul up." She said as they stood outside the bad boy room. "Ugggh fiiiine I promise, party pooper." She said crossing her fingers behind her back... Juxta nodded, "Good. And also, this room is the most heavily protected, no boys get out of here, and no one gets in unless they have the keys. So we need somewhere secure to stash this one until we can get the appropriate marketing ability to sell him off." She explained, "However, it only houses one, so our squirrely little friend is about to be evicted." She answered beginning to undo the several locks that lined the rim of the door. Jay was able to get a brief glimpse at only the bottom two, but it sounded like there were many more. Nothing was getting out of that room. After nearly twenty seconds of just undoing lock after lock, the heavier door finally groaned open. Juxta pushing on it and having to use a bit of strength to actually get it to widen up, it was reinforced with steel along the back that bolted into the wall. More like a mini dungeon rather than a room. That statement became even more true though as the three went inside and Jay immediately was hit with an odor of sweat and sex. The floor was not wood or tile, it was stone foundation, as were the walls and the only light available was a tiny, dim yellow bulb hanging from the ceiling that needed to be clicked on with a pull string. Even then it flickered a bit and seemed to struggle to stay on, the room itself also was pretty small. Only about the size of a closet, and taking up the majority of the space, was a chair. A fully metallic chair with numerous cold steel straps, brackets, braces and clamps. Sitting on a swivel and designed to be manipulated into multiple positions. This was a room designed for torture, isolation, and filthy rape. Judging by the white encrusted stains on the chair and floor, it looked like all of those things happened quite a bit. The chair itself was also bolted to what looked to be a grating on the floor, but the metal bars of that grate didn't lead to a sewer or drainage pipe, no they lead to a tiny crawl space, barely large enough to fit a small person. And curled up very uncomfortably inside, was a male, a squirrel with light brown fur, a fluffy tail, and a darker black stripe pattern up his back and over his head. Deep brown eyes looked up at the three entering the room with both anger, and surprise at the sight of Jay being lugged in. This poor squirrel looked like he hadn't had a bath in weeks, his fur was messy and matted in several spots, with several encrusted with old cum stuck in it in a few areas as well. He had no way to be washed in here, nor could he clean himself in that crawlspace. It was so small the grating pressed against his side even in the fetal position he took. "Alright Popo, take care of the untrainable, and strap our new one in. I'm heading upstairs to make a few calls, gonna have to do a lot of prep to sell him to the highest bidder." She said

giving her partner a pat on the shoulder and turning tail to leave the cramped room, abandoning Jay and the other boy to their fate. "Wh...what?" The squirrel weakly mumbled, confused and disoriented. Jay was suddenly plopped onto the ground as Popo stepped up to the cage in the floor, "Keep your eyes open red..." She said casting a glance back at Jay. "You aren't gonna wanna miss a second of this..." She crouched down and took hold of a small latch outside the crawl space, lifting it up and causing a loud 'kerchunk!'in the floor. The bars loosening that kept the squirrel boy contained, and she quickly snatched a hold of one of them and slid the bars away. Rather that the grating lifting open as Jay expected it to, it moved like a secret entrance, sliding into a compartment on the floor so that the chair didn't have to move at all. The squirrel then blinked his eyes a few times, seeming to wake up as his prison cell was unlocked and he was no longer squished into this tiny space. But he had no time to celebrate or attempt to flee. For immediately after the bars were out of the way, Popo's large paw reached in and grabbed the boy by his arm, hauling his light form out of the small space. "Ahhh!!" He yelped as she threw him against the wall beside them, molding her front to the boys back, not giving him any time to take in some personal bubble freedom. "Weeelll...looks like today's our last play date baabyyyyy..." She whispered to him, glancing down at Jay, making sure he was watching. She gave him a wink, "Eyes on us boy...if you're not good, you're gonna get it just like this one is..." "F...ffuck you..." The squirrel muttered, clearly tired, out of energy, but still defiant even now. He must've been here for who knows how long, living off of only the cum they shot him full of, probably being abused daily for his defiance. And now that Jay was here, he was going to take his place until they found a buyer for himself. And a wave of guilt suddenly wracked over the red panda, knowing that because he was here, whoever this brave soul was, was going to be killed to make room for him. "Mmff! Mmhhhmmm!!!" Jay tried to scream through his gag, trying to stop her, lifting his body in whatever way he could. He didn't want this boy to die, for this evil bitch of a rabbit to take potentially two lives in a single day just to get off. He struggled, wringing his body as best he could to try and break his binds. Willing himself to freedom, rubbing his delicate skin raw on the metal, he didn't want anyone to get hurt...he hated this rabbit. He hated the paws, he hated them all!!! "MMMMMMMHMMM!!!!!" Popo just giggled at his sudden outburst of rage, trying to break free of the device, which she knew he couldn't. "You're..." The squirrel suddenly spoke up, "Gonna die..." Popo turned her attention to him. "I'm sorry, what was that?"

The male seemed so defeated and uncaring, like he knew this was coming. They couldn't break him, so they'd just get rid of him, he took some pride knowing that he went down himself. Not some mindless slave, "Somebody...like me...is gonna kill you..." He whispered, getting one last smile on his face, taking comfort in this final promise to his captor. Popo didn't take kindly to that though, her own smile actually twitching a bit with annoyance. And hastily she unzipped her body suit, allowing her twenty inch behemoth to jump free. "Oh sweetie...you're just seeing things...so tired and spent...here...let me ease your pain..." Jay watched her sandwich her giant dick between his brown, fuzzy cheeks...no lube... Jay screamed again, both in desperation hoping she would somehow release him out of an unexpected surge of mercy. And out of anger, she took his friend from him, and now was taking a strangers life from them right in front of her. He was sad, mad, terrified, all of them at once, he just wanted her to stop. And he knew she could, but she wouldn't. She was evil. Her tip dipped down between the boys cheeks, and PUUUUSHED! His small smile vanished instantly, scrunching up his face into one of sheer agony as the pressure of her dry entry forced itself up through his anal ring and into his bowels with one angry thrust. It wasn't quick, and it wasn't easy, her cock jammed its way up and inside several rough inches at a time while the squirrel cried out in pain. He screamed a sound that Jay knew would live in his memory forever no matter how much he tried to forget it. That nearly two feet of cock meat forced itself deeper...and deeper...Popo's enhanced strength assisting her with cramming it all inside as rough as she could. His stomach bulging in response to the intense size as it made it into the hilt, her balls nestling against his own tiny ones. But this was only the beginning, he was in for a long, painful ride to the end. "Urrrrrggghh..." Popo growled, "Maybe...you should've...uunf...just been a good boy...and I wouldn't have to end your cute little life baby...aahh..." She moaned, delighting in the tight fit of his unwilling anal muscles grasping her. "But, nobody's perfect, heehee!" And then the real 'fun' began. Popo didn't go soft, same as she didn't have any mercy on Ika. Right away she yanked her massive she cock back out of his ass, and rammed it back inside. The resistance of his dry interior squeezed her, trying to force her back out but she was much, much stronger. Her hips quickly picking up a fast beat of fucking into him. His body being pushed into the wall over and over while their flesh and fur clapped loudly. She changed her grip from his sides to his head, literally holding him up off the ground just by it so his arms were free. And futiley he tried to reach around to stop her assault, but his limbs were too weak. All they could do was slap at her a bit and reach for the hands holding his head in a vein attempt to pull them off.

His legs kicked out below him, held easily a foot or two off the ground to meet up with her hips. "AAGHH! GUUGH!! URRGGSTAHAAUUHH!!!" He cried out, struggling, adrenaline trying to kick in to preserve his life and will to fight. Her fearsome entry almost definitely tore something, it hurt. This wasn't about him getting any pleasure at all, if he did, it was by pure luck. All the while Jay watched helplessly from down below, feeling such sorrow for this boy, and boiling hot rage for this paw. His fists clenched so hard his knuckles were turning white, Gods he wished that he was strong like them. To just hulk himself out of his ties and attack her, saving this squirrel and escaping. He wished it was different, and he hated the way the world was. It was wrong, all of it was wrong. These thoughts were completely lost on Popo as she shoved her cock in, yanked it back out, rinse and repeat. CLAPCLAPCLAPCLAP, their bodies made loud echoing sounds of sex while she rutted him into oblivion. In Jay's vision, unless he continued to lift his upper body with muscles that grew weaker by the second, all he could do was lay and watch their legs moving. Popo's large bunny paws and muscled legs flexing as they pushed her to drive her member inside her prey. And the males thin limbs kicked and flailed about, bouncing in rhythm with the sound of her hips. She actually shifted away from the wall at one point, maybe fifteen, or twenty minutes in? Jay wasn't sure. But as the clock ticked on and she just didn't stop, she eventually turned to stand facing Jay's direction now. He glanced up and could see her balls still swinging hard, slapping away while her monster plowed the boys bowels. Her bright eyes over his shoulder looking down at the red panda with desire and cruelty. "AAGGHHSTUH-UGGHH!! ICAN'T-AAGHMMM!!" The squirrels struggles were also growing weaker, his arms went from reaching about and trying to bat her away to simply holding his stomach. Bouncing each time the bulge caused by her sized punched in so roughly, it was literally like being punched inside of him with no way to stop it. And as he tried to shout, suddenly her hands on his head shifted their grip. Two fingers covering up each of his tear filled eyes, and two others stuffing themselves into his mouth on either side. Forcing him into a perverse smile while she railed him, "Sssssshhhh..." She softly shushed him, "Just relaaaaaax...ssssssshhhhh...it's aaaaaaalmost overrrr..." Her voice was breathy and hot, boiling with arousal and sadistic delight. And her eyes stayed fixed on Jay the whole time. "Just relaaax...go to sleeeeep little squirrel...aaahhh...my little feisty cutie...ssssssshhhhhh..." The more she shushed him, the more his already weak squirming got weaker...and weaker...and weaker... Until his feet dangled limply along with his arms falling. No more movement or sound came from him, and Jay closed his eyes. Feeling his own tear beginning to spill down his cheek. The one comfort that the squirrel felt before his consciousness faded, was that it stopped hurting. Not in pain anymore, he felt okay, like he did his part, and it was safe to let go.

Popo's rutting picked up speed, nearly doubling in intensity as his body went limp. "Mmmmmm...nnnnnffff fuuuckk yeeeesss..." She gripped the unmoving form to her closely, the clapping and slapping of their forms getting louder as she felt her load ready to burst out of her balls. "Ooooohhhh yeaaaah...oh yeah that's good...oooh that's gooood! Aaaahh!" Her voice started to arch. The knowledge that this boy was dead or dying on her dick was driving her insane, magnifying the intensity of her pleasure by a million. She started humping so desperately, ready to blow probably the biggest load she's had since...well...since the last time she snuffed out a little cutie like this. Jay could see white fluid dripping down off of her balls and onto the floor, she was releasing almost a constant stream of precum. It leaked down the boys thighs and splattered out with each deep thrust in. The lube from her precum squishing around making it sooooo much better and helping to bring her over the edge. "Haaahh! Yes! Yeees! Y--y....yyyeeeeesssss!!! Ooooohhhhh!!!" She jammed her cock all the way back in and the squirrels tummy bloated. Almost instantaneously, her load rushed out of her cock pipe, the flaring tip shooting a constant stream of hot, extra thick cum deep up the boys bowels and into his stomach. "Ooooohhhgggghhhhuuuughh!" She grunted, moaning out her joy while her cock sang with ecstasy. Pouring it's lust into the limp body and inflating his belly to easily a six month pregnant look. But it only grew from there, eight to nine months was the better term as more and more of her seed just pumped out of her massive nuts. Bunny spunk rushing in endless quantities to impregnate the, no longer with us boy she held. Jay had to really bite back on the cables in his mouth to resist choking out a few sobs. He couldn't believe what just happened. And of course Popo wasn't finished yet, she had to work his little motionless body on her still hard prick several times. Flopping about lifelessly as her cum squished and sloshed around in his bowels. Oozing out the tiny little spaces it could escape from that her dick didn't manage to completely plug up. Then she lifted him up completely off her cock, enjoying the geyser of her jizz that spewed from his gaped hole, swollen and red but covered with milky white sperm. It splattered all over the floor and some of it managed to splash onto Jay, hitting him in the face with residual cum which had just been in that boys ass. "Aaaaaaahhh...that's good..." She cooed, finally releasing her hold on the young boys head, his body falling to the ground completely limp. Sagging and splaying out beneath her and beside Jay. Another life taken by the cruelty and evil that was the paws. This time Jay did cough out a single sob, watching somebody's life literally fucked out of them. It crushed him, and for a moment in that sadness he managed to eek out a little bit of rage in his mind, "You're right...whoever you were...somebody will kill her...and I hope it's me..."

He blinked away his tears and glanced up, his brows furrowed at the disgusting woman standing happily above him. Her cock still rigid and upright, covered in a thick slathering of her spunk, she stroked it idily, "Gossssh...I swear it gets better every time, mmm! But now you know what? Hmm...I think now I've gotta pee, buuut...the boys already had some drinks...oh well, guess I'll just go right here! You don't mind do you? Noooo of course you don't heehee!!" She held her hardness in one hand and guided it to point downward. Then just after a moment of pause, a clear stream of liquid began to pour out of her, whizzing down onto the still body of the squirrel. The red panda was absolutely disgusted! Desecrating his body! She was pure evil! And completely uncaring as she soaked his body in piss. Humming a light tune and cooing as the stream of urine stayed steady for a solid thirty seconds. "Aaaahhh...Juxta's right, a good post orgasm piss feels amaaaaazing." She giggled, shaking her cock to work out a few more drops over the dead boy. Jay wanted to spit at her, do anything that he could to show how much he hated her, how vile she was. But he was still kept in this damn tied up position, so all he could do was glare. Which at least was enough to garner Popo's attention. "Oh what? Does my little red boy have something to say?" She talked in a sickening baby talk tone, completely remorseless. It was horror! Witnessing what her kind were like, what they were willing to do! This world was insane!! She was a psychopath, and he figured the best he could do was the same that the squirrel did before him. Don't give her what she wants, don't show fear, don't show sadness, and don't show submission. Maybe then he's at least taking some joy away from her. She waited for him to try and speak, or crumple away and shrink under her...but he didn't. Jay just stared up at her, and she could see the notable fury in his eyes. Those beautiful light blue orbs, who knew they could carry such hatred in them. Popo actually leaned back for a moment, this was a first. She hadn't had someone stare her down like this especially after such a show like that. Even the squirrel simply elected to not look at her. "Oh what? Was that bad? Do you not approve?" She took on an immature tone, like an angsty teenager after doing something her parents didn't like. "Well what are you gonna do about it huh? Nothing that's what." She lifted her leg and lightly nudged his face to the side with her foot, trying to get him to stop angrily staring at her. And this worked for a second, but he immediately returned his gaze to her face. In this moment, he was not afraid, he was only angered. Popo didn't like it when her boys weren't afraid of her...especially when she was trying to be intimidating. She loved the frightened look on their little faces, and this one was not providing for her now. "Tough guy huh? Alright toy, screw your virginity, let me show you what happens to toys who don't know their place." She threatened him, reaching down and uncaringly stepping on the body of the squirrel to pick up Jay again. "MMMM!" He tried to yell and renewed his struggling against the binds.

She tossed him onto the chair, belly down on it so his bound arms and legs were facing her, and his vulnerable ass was pointing directly at her still hard cock... "You're lucky boy...you're at least gonna have some lube..." She stroked her dick a few times, working in the cum all over it while Jay continued to wail into his wire gag. Hoping that maybe if he screamed loud enough, her business partner might hear and come rushing down. She did seem like the more reasonable one, so that was his only hope, otherwise he was about to be violated. "I was gentle with your foxy friend...but I'm not gonna be gentle with you..." She whispered to him, "If what we know about red pandas is true, I can go all out and you'll still survive it...hehehe...better buckle up toy...I'm about to rock your world..." He could feel her slimy stick beginning to slip between his pillowy bubble butt cheeks. Now he felt panic rise up again, and he tried to struggle hard, desperate, anything to get out. Anything! He felt her tip kissing his hole...so swollen...so girthy...so thick...he was doomed...and juuust as he felt her begin to push... 'THUNK' "Huggh!" Popo grunted and suddenly her body fell forward, catching the side of Jays leg, pulling over the arm of the chair and spinning him around. The bunny falling face first on the floor while Jay collapsed on top of her in a sudden whiplash of movement. "Mffmm??" Jay had to shake his head to remove the disorientation, adrenaline pumping and heart hammering hard. He tried to focus his vision, only to see someone standing in the doorway... Not Juxta, and not anyone he knew. The light flickering overhead and his general dizziness made it hard to focus. But it was a woman, dark black fur, tall, hands clutching a bat of some kind. Standing in the doorway with her eyes down on Jay. His chest heaved as his ragged breaths came in and out, unsure of how to react and what to do. Until finally the figure moved, sinking down onto one knee, and putting her finger to her lips in a shush gesture. Softly, in a sweet, tender voice she spoke, "It's okay, I'm not gonna hurt you, stay quiet. I'm gonna get you out of here."
