Into The Rabbit Hole - Ch 01 Story Commission by DamienDeath20 Warnings: (Rape, Size Diff, H/m/ Sex, Near-Death) "Are you sure about this?" A hushed boyish voice whispered from the brush, a cool breeze carrying through the trees of the forest and nearly blowing the soft words away. "Of course! This is our best shot Jay!" A lighter, more enthusiastic whisper spoke up from a similar spot in the brush. Immediately after, a pair of yellow furred hands emerged from the bush and parted the leaves carefully, allowing two bright yellow eyes to peak out from inside. "See? The coast is clear!" Next to the eyes, appeared a second figure, trying to wiggle their way up close enough to look out at the path ahead of them. These eyes were a bright baby blue however, and looked out ahead a bit nervously. "I...I don't know..." This forest was rumored to lead to an abandoned province, untouched by the giantess's who had laid claim to nearly all of the land in the world. Ever since the take over and the invention of the 'Enlarge' technology, 'The Bunnies' had grown both literally and figuratively. Both in stature and dominance over the already weak in power males of the world. It had been several decades since the conflict began and was subsequently lost to the hierarchy of women. Mainly consisting rabbit folk, no doubt they were the ones who picked the popular title The Bunnies. But numerous other breeds of women joined their cause, wolf folk, equine, elephant etc. What was this cause? That so many fur species women happily jumped on board for and had these to young escapees fleeing for their lives? The enslavement of all male species. For the last several years, boys and men alike have been hunted down, captured and sold into slavery. All breeds as well, it didn't matter if you were a proud lion, or a lowly kitten, The Bunnies would go out of their way to track down anything with a Y-chromosome, and either sell it for money, or keep it for themselves. And yes...it...not he...not them. Males had been stripped of all rights. Everything. Even livestock had more rights them most of the male race nowadays. They were used by the women as toys, sex slaves, laborers, or simply just for something to torment when they were bored. The technology founded by the head Mistress of Sin Corp. had ways to not only increase mass, but to reverse it as well, meaning men could be shrunk down to half the size of their former self, or even smaller to use as a LITERAL

toy. Jay and Ika had seen it, Hell...they had been baring witness to the spoils of the Bunnies for years. Even after the decision was made to remove their rights and make males completely subservient to females, there were attempts to resist. Obviously the furry spirit being ever resilient, wasn't going to just take this lying down. The problem with it was, with the growth technology, there really was no effective way for the males to fight back. Women became bigger, stronger, faster, and with all the money and tech owned by the corporation funding this, they had better weapons as well. It was less of a true fight, and more of just an ass kicking to put them in their place. Only lasting for a few short years before it seemed to stop, the resisting side never even managed to actually organized a formal surrender. There was no need to, men had no rights, there was no government willing to listen to them, and if any men decided to show their faces for anything other than fighting, they were immediately captured on the spot. The resistance just sort of...faded away with time, there were no fighting factions anymore trying to take back their side of the world. Trying to fight for equal rights and bring down the evil, corrupt corporation that started this all. Years had gone by, and if you were a boy born into this world, your life was spent either in hiding, on the run, or... Jay had to shake his head, he had been lucky for a while, him and his friend Ika both had avoided capture for quite some time and were nearly home free from imminent danger. The giantess's had large sectors of the world quartered off and maintained, since the previous government in the world fell apart and was rebuilt after the conflict, so was civilization. Built again from the ground up to better suit the needs of the new world and its rulers. Sectors were strictly guarded and maintained day and night to prevent any valuable slave boys from escaping. Since the male population had dwindled greatly from all the fighting and...reckless use from their new owners, boys were horded. Literally locked away in either their owners' homes, or sorting homes where they were kept until sorted out into either labor works, sex trade, or personal buyers. The population of women to men now was roughly about ten to one. They were monitored closely, and the police force kept strict track of them to make sure no boy went unaccounted for. And the borders of the sectors were also kept under extremely close watch as well. Mostly. Ika, on one of his late-night foraging for food runs, scampering through the darkness of the forest outside of The Rabbit Hole, one of the largest cities standing post conflict and also the home of Sin Corp., he spotted a little section of the woods where two guards' women were supposed to be

watching over closely. However, he heard the pair of them giggling about a new, 'catch' they had received recently and were so eager to play with him when they got off their shift. Apparently, the excitement was too much for them to bare because they had been shirking their duties and leaving their post early for the last several nights. Leaving the border in this section of the woods completely open... Ika could've just ran off through it, bolted for the high hills and lived out his life somewhere, where the Bunnies influence didn't yet reach. But he wasn't alone, he had his friend Jay to worry about. Jay and himself had endured quite a few trials and tribulations together, Ika owed it to the Red Panda breed to at least mention the possibility of escape to him. For a few months now, the pair had been surviving together near the woods. Evading capture and hoping a day may come when they got a chance like this to possibly escape from the constant threat of slavery under the foot, or paw of one of the Bunnies. So Ika turned to him now, "Jay, we have a chance to run. The best chance we've had to escape into the unclaimed lands." The fox ducked back into the bush to look over his friend, the Red Panda was slightly taller than Ika at 5'7, while the fox was only 5'5. However they both shared a slender build with long legs, whipping tails, and small muzzles. Easy prey for the Bunnies, they craved specimens like these two typically for fuck pets. Jay's fur was mostly a light brownish orange color along his legs, arms and head. Turning a much darker brown along his belly, upper thighs, biceps, hands, and paws. The striped tail trailing from his lower back had this color pattern all the way down it, and lighter creamy white colored fur adorned him on his collar bone, muzzle, ears and cheeks. But his most capturing feature was arguably his eyes, a bright but yet soft, baby blue color that would have the Bunnies literally fighting over him if they were lucky enough to catch him. Especially since his breed were so rare. "If we run and we're caught, even just our scent or our tracks could lead them to us. And we can't outrun them, no one can, they're too big, too fast!" Jay protested, worry clearly written all over his face. His friend was a more common species of fox with a plain yellow fur tone all over except for his hands, paws and the tip of his tail which were white. "Do you want to go back to our little hole in the ground?" Ika retorted, "Living off of foraged berries, hardly ever seeing the sun because if we are seen our lives are forfeit?" He shifted in the brush, crawling a bit closer to his companion. "We can't live like this forever. The world is wrong, it's not right to treat us this way and I can't take this anymore. I want to be free; I want to be able to live without constantly being afraid of being raped or killed." Ika actually looked as if he was about to cry, going from enthusiastic and energized, ready to run, to sad at the thought that Jay may not wish to come with him. "We...we may not be living lives of luxury but at least we're living." Jay replied, "I hate this too, and everyone knows it's wrong but there's nothing we can do right now."

"I will not sit in a hole and rot because some drug overdosed rabbit has a hard on she doesn't feel like tugging on her damn own!" The fox kept his voice low to a whisper, but elevated it just enough to sound like a small yell. "They're sick! Rapists, murders, this isn't a life we're living Jay, we're in a genocide." Ika of course was referencing the fact that the multiple serums and technologies unlocked over fifty years ago not only were created with the purpose of size alteration. But with a multitude of other...side effects. In a world such as this, where the male population was nearly wiped out, how could the Bunnies and other female species reproduce? Well, Sin Corp. had a solution to that. Creating a biological genome that altered the DNA of all women, ALL of them, still enabling them to reproduce with men. But in the way they wanted to, the way that made them subservient to them... Women would no longer bare the children for future generations, no, now that was the men's job. So Sin Corp. made it so every female no longer had ovaries or vaginas at all. They were now the ones toting the big, hefty, throbbing cocks of the world, seeking to find a tight hole to stuff themselves into and breed. This genome altered the female reproductive system to change it into full penises with large baby making balls to load it with. However men obviously didn't have the biology to bare children inside them, but that all changed of course with further experimentation. If a boy is meant to be sold to a breeding farm, he received the F.E.M. injection. Also known as the, Female, Egg, Modulation injection. A small electronic chip is injected into the boys and over the process of seventy-two hours, it modifies their sexual reproductive organs to be compatible with females of the dick wielding variety. Giving them a womb, eggs to impregnate, only no ovulation cycle, the chip makes it so the boys are always fertile, with a finite amount of eggs however. But that's still no problem, the chip makes it so that there are one to four hundred healthy, breed-able eggs for impregnation. Meaning that any male sold to a breeding farm or in private use will have plenty enough to make children with throughout his lifespan. Of course this chip also had a bit of a one sided use to it, due to the unruly nature and obvious scales tipping in the direction of women being the dominant species forever. Population control was a key factor in creating the F.E.M. chip. Obviously, men were a precious resource to them now, but they couldn't risk a large number of males being born and possibly starting a second uprising, so only one out of every ten pregnancies resulted in a proper male. The rest, perfectly healthy, large, cock baring females. Clearly, this was something to be feared by both Jay and Ika, they were both young, perfectly healthy and fit. With lithe, athletic bodies perfect for work forces, or, sex slavery.

Both had such a sweet swell to their ass at the curve of their hips, something favored very much by the breeders. Ika was sure if they were caught, there was only one place they would most likely be going... Ika shivered at the thought, as did Jay, both of them taking a moment to curse the sweet plump booty's they had been born with. If they weren't sexually appealing at all, perhaps the worst fate they'd be subjected to would be a labor camp, construction, or some other slave work force. That would be more favorable then being a big cocked girls sex slave for eternity. Jay shook his head, "Okay, okay. I get it, I want to be free too, this isn't right, them ruling like this. What was the world even like before Sin Corp. took over?" He asked, being as young as the two of them were, somewhere in their late twenties. Nether knew for sure since time was a bit hard to keep track of out here, but they both were born into this apocalyptic world. The world before was a complete mystery to them, Giantess wolf, dog, cat, and bunny foot paws were all they knew. The fox also raised and lowered a shoulder, "I don't know, but anything was better than living in fear our whole lives." Ika said, reaffirming that he was ready to run, "I want us both to get out of here Jay, and even if we don't make it, I'm pretty sure I'd rather die out there trying than in here waiting." It felt like there should be red flags going off everywhere around them, Jay glanced between the open path and his foxy friend. His yellow eyes looking at him with a mixture of desperation and determination. He was ready to go with or without him, but he wanted him to come. They hadn't known each other for too long, but long enough that Ika felt something between them enough to want to give him the chance. He owed the fox a great many things, and even as uneasy as it made him, Jay acknowledged that he would be a fool if he wanted to pass up the chance to actually escape from the clutches of the Bunnies. So he took a breath in through his nose, and blew the air out his full lips. "Okay, let's try." "Thank you!" Ika nearly threw himself forward and yanked the red panda into a quick, tight hug. "Thank you so much!" Jay squeaked from the abrupt squeezing but allowed it to happen, he was surprised at how thankful Ika was about him coming. Since he was sure that Ika was going to run with or without him. But then again he could understand it, he wouldn't exactly want to be alone out in the wilderness, or The Rabbit Hole either by any means! So he smiled sheepishly and returned the hug, "You're...welcome." "Okay! Come on we gotta go soon before they come back!" Ika nearly blabbered with excitement and scrambled forward to rush out of the brush and shrubbery. "Oh geez! Well wait for me!" He playfully called out, following after his friend as the two left the small bush patch and darted out into the open.

The forest was much thicker beyond this guarded point, but even the path the two patrolling girls were supposed to be watching before their shift ended wasn't very clear. There were some downed trees, shrubs spilling over onto the path, sticks and leaves scattered about all over and forestry so thick on all sides you couldn't actually see more than sixty feet or so beyond the trees. The main city Rabbit Hole reached all the way to the border of the forest but had yet to cross into them, although there surely were some plans in motion to at some point. Even though the boys were running to the unoccupied lands, something Jay knew they had to consider was that they most likely wouldn't remained untouched forever. They would eventually be moved into by Sin Corp. The owner was bound to make that happen soon... For now, the boys had one chance, one opportunity to escape, and live a better life even if it was only for a short while. They'd cross any other problematic bridges they encountered when they came to them. The Fox and Red Panda bolted into the path, not being graceful about their charge at all, just fully taking off into the trees and rushing for the high hills of the promised land. Ika was out front, rushing as fast as his lithe legs would take him with Jay only seconds behind. Both for the first time in months had a look of hope on their faces, dodging around the scattered sticks and leaping over downed logs as they crossed the forest border. Jay cast one quick glance behind him to see if the change in patrolling guards had happened yet. Nothing...no one was there. The two prior had left their posts far too early for anybody to come in time to stop them. Ika was right, this really was their best chance to run. He felt his own cheeks begin to pull up, forming a smile. "Are we...are we actually free?" His heart rate picking up, not only from the running, but as more and more hope swelled in his heart. Nothing was calling out, no alarms, no feminine voices shouting to stop them. And the distance between the entrance to the forest and themselves grew smaller and smaller. "Come on!" Ika called out, "This way!!" Jay looked back at the Fox, a similar open-mouthed smile on his face as they swerved off the path into the trees. Diverting to the side to ensure they were even less likely to be caught if they ducked through them. But the poor boys were blissfully unaware that they had in fact, already been spotted. By a pair of bright emerald green eyes, with a tufted of bright red locks of hair hanging over them. "Heehee...hello boys..." She had spotted them the moment they darted out of their little spot in the bushes, lithe, colorful bodies jumping out into the day and making a break for the border line. Both naked as jaybirds and running towards the freedom they would not be acquiring today. This was her job, to find little fleeing boys on her runs around the forests, through the alleys of the city, wherever she felt like roaming. It was in her opinion, the best job in the fucking world.

People in the city were whispering with worry about how the male population was getting dangerously low, and fresh boys were getting harder and harder to find as they days gone by. But Popo knew based on her track record, that was some quality, paranoid BS. They will always find more, which is why she is free to do what she wants with the ones she captures...well, maybe her job doesn't necessarily tell her that and she just made that last part up... but come oooon, look at those two! She followed them, at a quick pace while they bolted, easily keeping back about thirty feet within line of sight. Boys were rare sure, but not rare enough to the point where they were on the verge of extinction! Hell no! Popo was sure about that...whiiiich is why it was okay for her to play with a lot of the ones she captured. Toy with them real good and break them in, maybe actually break them and...if she ended up with one or two less than she found on her way back to turn in her catch. Who cared? Seriously, they will always find more...Popo was sure of that. The Bunnies could do whatever they wanted with whoever they wanted, at least in her mind that's what she believed... She licked her lips, teeth trailing over her little buck chompers at the front of her mouth, and reached for the entrapment pistol on her hip. "We just go this way!" Ika called to Jay, only about ten feet behind him. "We just run in this direction for maybe...maybe ten miles, we can get there in an hour maybe two and there's no Bunnies there!" He said turning and pointing the direction they were heading, "We'll be free finally!" Jay sprinted behind him, "I'm coming! Let's go and keep your voice do-HCK!!!" The red panda's sentence was abruptly torn from his lungs causing him to nearly hiccup as the wind was knocked out of him. A massive amount of kinetic energy plowed into his side as a mechanical device hit his body. He hit the ground, rolling a few times as the small box locked into place just above his left hip. From all sides of it an array of cables burst out and began to coil and wrap around his form in the span of less than a second. The blunt force of the shot had stunned him so he barely realized what happened before it was happening. The cables wrapped around his arms and shoulders, tugging them back behind him and also coiled around his thighs. Swiftly looping lower to his lower legs and suddenly pulling them backwards too. The tips of the cords lighting up with a red glow as their magnetic pull activated pulling them to each other. Forcing the ones around his torso to reach for the ones around his legs. Pulling the young red panda into a hogtied position until the red tips connected and sealed in place, keeping him tied like a captured animal. Only if he was lucky enough to be considered something as valuable as an animal... Ika heard Jay's response get cut off and stopped running, whipping around to look and see his orange friend hit with an entrapment box. Another lovely device by Sin Corp., specifically designed for the capture, trap and transport of males.

He looked around in a panic, "Jay!" Calling out to his friend and scanning the area to see where that shot came from. His eyes eventually falling on the tall, imposing figure emerging from the woods to his right. "Heeeere little foxyyyyy....hehe!" A sickly sweet voice sang out to Ika from the shadows as he saw the glow of her pistol being aimed at him. On instinct he tried to turn and run, only to hear the trigger click, followed by a spring launch out a second entrapment box, flying through the air far faster than Ika could react to it especially at that close range. And his world was whipped upside down as the box impacted on the back of his leg sending the fox whirling in a reverse cartwheel and planting face down on the dirt and grass, unable to stop the box from latching into place, and the same cables emerging from all sides of it to coil around his long supple limbs. Lighting up red at the tips while they twisted and twirled their way so quickly around him. "Aaah! No! NO!!" He screamed defiantly and tried to struggle, even as the metallic tendrils snatched his wrists and pulled them backwards to lock in place with the ones at his ankles. Putting him also in a captured, hogtied position on the ground, helpless. The two boys heard her approaching them, her feet literally skipping out of the trees and into the area they both were now held in. Humming a happy tune as she tucked the now unloaded pistol frame into the holster on her hip. "Lookey what I caaaaught! Two boys thinking they'd get away from little old me?? Hahaha! In your dreams cuties!" She grinned ear to ear, beyond excited about her catch as she went over to inspect them one at a time. Once again skipping over to the squirming bodies and coming into their view more clearly. Ika and Jay's eyes went wide with horror as the rabbit girl hopped up to them. Long ears pointing up and slightly behind her while she approached. Her fur was a darkish grey with a feint hint of brown to it, except for the little nest of hair she had on the top of her head which was a darker brown except with red highlights at the tips of her bangs. Big green eyes over her muzzle and a taaaaaall, easily nearly eight feet, towering over the two boys' body. Covered in a tight huntress bodysuit. The S.C.H. label stamped onto the left breast standing for, Sin Corp Hunter, practically burning into Ika's mind as she came into view. Also beneath that was another printed label, Ika wasn't sure what it meant but little did he know it was the actual name of his soon to be, tormentor. Popo. The Hunter's were the ones who captured escaped males, not just rogue ones, but boys who've escaped their owners or their camps. They're the ones who have the permission to either bring you back...or deal out a punishment on sight. "Oh no...oh no..." Her large, bare foot paws skipped merrily over to Ika first, "Hmmm let's see hereeee..." She started, leaning over to look down at the terrified Fox. "Oooou! Cutie! Nice and yellow...clean..." She lifted her foot paw and started to nudge his face around with it. Like she was inspecting a piece of treasure with her feet. Ika tried to turn his head away and resist, but it was quite obviously futile. "Heehee! Ooooo fighty! I like boys who try to fight." She giggled, running her lower paw all up and down his front.

"Stop! Ahh, no! Let us go!" Ika tried to defiantly scream out. Only to have her impressive foot shoved down onto the side of his head. Pressing his cheek into the forest floor. "Oh shush you whiney toy, making a note to put your mouth to special use for aaaanything other than flapping your trap." She mocked him applying some weight down onto his head. That silenced Ika when he felt the pressure coming down on his delicate skull, she was huge! And her body suit was skin tight, it showed that beneath it she had breasts that were bigger than his head, and her muscle mass was nothing to be ashamed of. She was strong and thick, womanly and full, and between her legs...there was another thick mass that damn near made it all the way down her thigh... And he knew what that was...probably the source of his last meal soon if he didn't obey her... Plus he guessed that she was easily upwards of a thousand pounds in muscle and mass. All she'd have to do is just put a little bit more weight down on his head and she could easily kill him under her paw with little to no effort at all. So he bit his lip, trying to choke back the tears threatening to spill out and didn't say anymore words. "You gonna shush now toy? Hmm?" Popo continued to ask him though, keeping that steady threatening weight down on him while she twisted her foot, pressing his face nice and firmly into the dirt. When he didn't reply she nodded, "Good toy. At least you can take orders, okay, so yellow fox, nice and young..." She leaned back, "Plump booty, may or may not have a mouth on him...hmmmm...we'll table you for now and see what else we've got!" Finally she lifted her foot off of his face and skipped over towards Jay next. Ika was thankful he no longer had the pressure on his skull, but now she was going towards his best friend. And he knew that wouldn't end well either. She arrived to Jay, hopping right over his body, the tiny little floof of a tail above her bottom bouncing with almost as much excitement as her. "Now let's see with you...you're..." She nudged him over with her foot and paused. Getting a good close up look at the second half of her catch. Jay looked up at her, hands and feet tied together at his back with pleading blue eyes begging any shred of her being to possibly have a slight ounce of mercy. "Please...please let us go..." He asked her. But Popo looked at him...strangely. She tilted her head and crouched down, squatting over the males smaller body while she inspected him up close. "That fur...this color...this...tail..." She reached out and started feeling along him freely, inspecting and touching him all over his ribs, his back, even roaming over his crotch and butt. "What are you boy...what species is your animal?" She asked. "Don't answer Jay!" Ika shouted out suddenly, earning a sharp death glare from the bunny woman.

But she didn't pay her anymore attention for now, and looked back to Jay on the ground, leaning in even closer to whisper. "Tell me what you are Jay...or I'll bring your foxy friend over here and sit on his face until his little tail stops swishing." She grinned sadistically. Jay shook his head, "No! Please don't...I..." He glanced between her and his friend only a few feet away. They had been through so much, he couldn't bare the thought of anything bad happening to him. "I'm...I'm a red panda..." He answered truthfully. And at that Popo's eyes lit up with a childlike excitement and enthusiasm as she suddenly jumped up and down over him. "OH MY GOSH!!! THAT'S AWESOME!! Holy shit!! I caught a Red fucking Panda!!! She cheered herself on, this species was particularly rare. Much more so than just males in general. Less than one percent of the remaining male populace was red pandas, so they were heavily sought after by the paws. Why? Because they were particularly compatible with the new generation of women when it came to the bedroom... Popo was beside herself with excitement at this, "Oh man! Juxta is gonna flip her shit when she sees you!" She reached down, moving to pick up Jay. Only to be interrupted yet again by the increasingly irritating fox, "No! Leave him alone!" Ika tried to struggle in his bonds, squirming himself about on the ground and shuffling closer. Popo rolled her eyes dramatically and let them land on the fox. Contemplating his small, lithe form wriggling about before her. A red panda was a fantastic grab for her, the reward bounty for retrieving one of them was worth twenty normal boys. So teeeechnically, she really didn't need to bring the loud mouth back with her. She could just have some fun with him right here and no one would have to know... Plus, she had been running around the outskirts all day working up a good sweat and a massive hard-on in her suit. It would be better if she took care of it now rather than when she brought the red panda back. Less risk of her taking out her arousal on him that way. "Alrighty you know what, I think I have the perfect solution for everybody here." She bent over again, "You just sit tight here for a little bit while I go teach your little friend over there a lesson about learning to shut the fuck up." Reaching to push a small button on the device latched to Jay's ribs. "What? No-" But the moment the button was pushed, Jay's words were torn from his mouth as more metallic tendrils burst up from the box and swiftly ensnared their way around the boys' mouth. Wrapping around it several times in a row, silencing his protests. She then stood back up, "Hmm...you know, if I knew your friend was so snappy, I might've pushed that button to start with. But oh well! Better to know it now and not have to deal with him later!" She said, once again skipping back across the grass to the second prone male. Now it was Ika's turn to look at her with horrified eyes, he could swear he felt the ground tremble with each proud step she took. Bounding towards him with glee, and intent to defile in her gaze. Immediately he started to panic, his struggles against the cables redoubled in their efforts to break free. Thrashing his body around and feeling their tightness not even give him an

inch. "No! No! Never!!" He tried to remain defiant, even though his doom in the shape of a rabbit girl was standing above him. "Uuum yes! Right now in fact." She giggled, "Your friends coming home with me, and you? Well, you could've come too if you just shut the fuck up! Seriously one sentence too many you whiney little cutie." She cruelly told him as her hand reached up for the zipper at the top of her neckline. "Seriously it's your own fault that I'm gonna have to fuck you into oblivion now." "NO!" Ika thrashed wildly! Straining himself hard against his bondage but gaining no ground. This only allowed Popo to torment him even further by nodding her head rapidly, "Yesyesyes!" Showing off her truly sadistic tendencies. She pulled the metal zipper down the front of her body, the tight ballistic leather that made up the suit slowly parted, revealing the matching colored fur along her head and neck continued down. Except around her breasts, the huge G cup tits nearly jumped for joy as the tight restricting suit was finally pulled apart enough for them to bounce free. Their color was lighter than the rest of her body with the exception of her dark nipples. It felt so good to let her puppies out to breathe, but she knew it would feel even better to let the big girl out as well... Jay watched, bound and gagged on the ground, helpless as the zipper revealed more and more of her finely toned body. Big and strong, femininely muscled abs, legs, and booty were exposed to him the more she pulled off. Hell, Jay could admit that had she not been a member of the Paws brought here to capture, possibly kill, and rape them, he would say she was exceedingly attractive. However...then came the number one alteration caused by Sin corp genetic tech. The thing that had Ika's tail between his legs trying desperately to cover his virgin hole. It SPRANG forth out of the bodysuit after pushing the coverings down below her knees. Jumping up proudly and eager to play, huuuge, thick, veins pulsing all along the sides. Throbbing with blood and desire, its color matched her fur but was actually hairless itself. All meat with two easily orange sized balls drooping down below it, swinging slightly from the momentum her rod created. Mushroom tip already leaking precum at the prospect of a tight fresh pair of holes to devour and satisfy her needs with. Ika's heart stopped for what felt like several minutes as his brain tried to count the inches of this behemoth. He got up to a guesstimate of twenty before he had to look away from it, tears in his eyes and a preemptive aching in his rear. He couldn't believe it, after so long of running, hiding and avoiding capture and violation. He was going to be raped, and there was nothing he could do but bury his head in the ground as best he could to try and pretend he was somewhere else. But even when he closed his eyes, all he could see was that huge darkly colored cock. Thick as his arm and long enough to reach his stomach and beyond. "Alrighty toy, time to please your mistress." Popo taunted him again, reaching down to her cock and grabbing it with her equally large hand, giving it a good squeeze from root to the tip. The

already bulbous head seemed to swell to an even greater size as she did this. It twitched with delight at the touch and was just as excited as the bunny it was attached to. She stepped over the fox, and reached down to grab him by the tuft of hair on the back of his head, lifting him up off his side and onto his knees on the ground. But even as she did this he still struggled, still fighting the restraints holding him and looked around panicked for any way of escape. There was none in sight though, the only thing that seemed eager to help him, was the massive she-cock now lording over his head. Even fully upright on his knees, Popo was still tall enough for her crotch to be above the fox without bending her knees at all. "You can't do this! We're not toys! We're living things just like you!" Ika shouted, trying to maybe appeal to any soul she might have, to put them on even grounds to no avail. Popo raised an amused eyebrow, "Silly toy, we're not the same at all, see I'm up here, and you're aaaaaall the way down there." She booped his nose, causing his face to wrinkle and try to yank away. "I've got the big cock, and you've got the tight holes, especially this one right here." She tapped his lips next. "I'm gonna make sure not another annoying sound emerges from that loud ass trap of yours." "No you won't! I'll...I'll bite you!" He yelled up at her, having to look at her upside down since she pulled him up facing away from her, his back was still to her and his chest facing the trees he was hoping to escape into. "Ooooh no no noooo baaad toy..." She shook her head like she was scolding a child, and arched her hand back, swinging it forward with a whoosh of speed and smacking the side of his face while holding his hair in place still. Ika shrieked, "AHH!" It felt like someone whacked him with a stinging rock. She had so much power in her hands that had she not been forcing him in place by his hair, he would've been sent to the floor from that blow. "I've had enough of your non-stop babbling toy...I'm putting that mouth to its intended use, and there'll be no biting at all when I push this little button right here." Popo crouched down and twisted the knob on the contraption on his leg. This little switches purpose was quite similar to the one on the red panda, only instead of closing the mouth, this one held it open. More metal tendrils flew up out of the box and hooked into the corners of Ika's mouth, latching onto his upper and lower jaw and tugging hard. "Gaaah!! Aaaahhh!!!" All he could do was moan in surprise and defiance as the device forced his mouth open in an O shaped gag. He tried with all his strength to bite down, chewing hard with one of the strongest muscles in his body, hoping that against all odds the wires would snap and break the device. Maybe in a fantasy world that would happen, but in reality, his teeth couldn't even make a dent. And he was forced to watch as the upside down, giant bunny woman smiled at him from above. Waving her cock teasingly back and forth, balls swaying gently with it and a pure evil grin on her pretty face.

"Hope your ready toy...time to get to work." She placed to fingers on the top of her shaft and pushed her cock down, angling it so that her rod was pointing directly into this little fox boy's open mouth while his neck was craned back to look up at the sky. Arms and legs still locked together behind his back as Popo rose onto her tip toes to lift her dick juuust high enough to keep it hovering above his lips. The warm, wet cavern was so teasingly close now. Both Popo and Ika could feel the heat of each other. The searing intensity of her womanhood was making him break out in a sweat, while the inviting humidity of his cock tunnel was practically begging her to come inside. "Now...be a good boy...and say aaaaaaahhh..." One final mock before she lowered herself off her tip toes and began to squat over the small boy. The tip of her huge dick entering his mouth, thankfully, the wires pulled his jaw as far apart as they could possibly go without straight up dislocating it. Giving her huge spear just enough room to fit inside, surely this thing was just as wide, if not wider than his mouth could get. Ika shut his eyes and squeezed the lids tightly, unable to continue watching this bitch breaker get any closer. But when it touched his tongue, the taste of it invaded his senses and blew them all out of the water. Like before, he could see it behind his shut lids, every bulging vein, every curve and contour, he could feel it sliding down into his mouth. "Mmmm!!! Guugh! Hnng!!" He tried to squeal, to beg her to stop, but his vocalizing against her dick only earned him another harsh SLAP on the side of his burning cheek. "No more talking from you cutie! Not while Momma's working!" She said firmly and lowered herself further, rejoicing in the sweetness that was a fresh, untouched mouth. His spongy wet tongue sliding over her head while she pushed in deeper. She bit her lip, only being maybe a fifth of the way inside before she felt the gates to his gullet resisting her. "Oh! There it iiiiis! Well toy...are you gonna let me in nicely? Or am I gonna have to come in on my own? Hmmmm?" Her mocking just wouldn't let up, she was playing with her food essentially, swiveling her hips while she readied herself to take the plunge. His body in the literal perfect position to do it, all she needed was just oooone good shove. And his throat would be hers. With a hand on her hip she asked again, "Weeeeell? Yes or noooo?" Unfortunately for Ika, words were a bit difficult to create due to the blockage in his mouth and the wires preventing him from moving his lips anyways, so all he got out was. "Aaaagghhfllmmm!!!!" "Hmmm? No? Oh well, gave you a chance little one, now we do this my way." She warned him with an air of finality to her tone as she released her grip on his hair in favor of grabbing his throat with both hands. Ready to feel the bulge she was going to make in his petite pipe. Then without any further warning, Popo steeled her legs on either side of Ika's body, and SLAMMED down hard. "GUGCKCK!!!" Ika's eyes snapped back open just in time for her giant nuts to slap down onto his nose. They were so large they covered his eyes as well practically blinding him, and their weight was like a pair of apples being dropped onto his head from ten feet up. Only if that was the worst part though...

His gullet was forcefully broken through, her cock punching its way into the velvety tightness of the waiting cavern and drilled aaaaaaall the way down and in. It happened in a split second, his tunnel being stretched easily triple it's normal size and a sizeable bulge appeared reaching all the way down Ika's neck into his chest from her nearly two feet of cock meat plunging in. Jay didn't want to watch, but he couldn't look away, he was seeing his friend be violated before him. And there wasn't anything he could do to help. "Ooooooooohhhh...hehehe...oooouuuu what a tight throat you've got....aaaaahhhh..." Popo sighed with content as his wet tightness enveloped her. It was incredible, virgin throats were always exquisite, which is why when the opportunity presented itself, any Paw girl would jump on it! Hence why virgins were hard to find, in fact the only reason she wasn't about to fuck up the other one after this fox was finished, was because of how much money she could make off of him! As long as he was still untouched. So she would settle for the sweetness of breaking this bitch beneath her. He gagged on her cock, unable to breath at all, especially with her nuts situated against his face like this. When he tried to breathe in through his nose, all he got was the thick scent of her musk, radiating out of her heavy, full nuts. Carrying enough seed to bloat his belly to a six-month pregnant state if she emptied them like this. His head felt heavier than it had his entire life, everything felt fuzzy and his throat burned with discomfort. Clearly unprepared and forcing itself to stretch and hold her in, "Gggck....uurrcghh...mmmlfgaagghugh!" Throaty, guttural noises escaped him while Popo swiveled her hips. The massive she-cock swabbing his throat with its reach, it was so deep he felt it going straight from his gullet to his stomach. As he thought earlier, the source of his last meal most likely. Popo bit her lip, "Nnnnf...yeeeah that's good...what do ya say we...get this party started huh? Hehehe! Get me nice and wet for the main event sweetie!" She lifted her hips up, withdrawing her schlong about halfway from Ika's neck. Her balls leaving his face even sweatier than before, his eyes blinked several times and his nose deeply tried to inhale while he still had time. But his airway was practically completely plugged. Plus, she wasn't giving him much time to recuperate either as she stayed true to her promise and got started. Slamming her hips back down into his face, balls slapping down and cock drilling deep once again. The bulge lifted when she pulled back, and pushed right back into place when she shoved it back down. She braced her hands on her squatting knees and began to ride the foxes face, literally pile driving her cock into him. Nuts punching him in the face leaving him in a daze from her suddenly speedy rhythm. She had no reason to go slow, he was her catch, her toy now, she may technically be supposed to catch him and bring him in. But all she needed was the red panda, that would more then make up for whatever 'broken' goods she may create. So she aggressively hammered away, battering his face with her balls and ruining his throat with her exceedingly huge dick.

Ika's eyes started going crossed, unable to look at anything aside from the driving in underside of the cock defiling him, and the dark ball sack surely giving him a black eye or two. His head bobbing and bouncing as it was used like a pleasure hole for this bunny to get off with. And get off she did, it didn't take long of her pounding before Popo started singing praises to the boys throat, her lips parted in an open-mouthed happy smile, panting heavily while she bucked. "Haaahaaahahaa....ooooh fuck yeah boy...aaaaahh this is what you're good for little slut...ahahaaahaaa..." She chuckled a bit. Lifting her hands off her knees and sliding them up her body, toying with her breasts for a moment before slipping by them and running them through her hair. Hips never once ceasing their continuous pattern of jackhammering Ika's throat. Jay watched in horror as Ika started to go limp, his struggles getting weaker and weaker as the seconds ticked by without any proper intake of air. His eyes went further and further crossed, nearing the point of rolling back. All his senses being overcome with the smell, taste, and violating nature of girl cock. The heady, salty flavor and muck made his mind melt into submission. And he lacked the energy to fight her anymore, so he just knelt there, taking it like a bitch until Popo felt she was satisfied. She battered his face for a good ten or so minutes! Just pounding and pounding and pounding and pounding! Eventually all noise coming from Ika was just sloppy sounds of spit and drool spewing out around his lips and sloppily drizzling down his chin and neck. Making a whorish mess of himself until Popo finally grinned and stopped her relentless assault. "Aaah! Alright toy! I think you're ready now, right?" She stood up sharply, forcefully jerking her cock out of Ika's neck and practically lifting him off the ground from the fast withdrawal. She stepped over him as his woozy body spit out a river of spit and precum, Lord knows she had been leaking it like a fucking river into his tummy and still was so even now. A sticky strand of it could be made out among the slobber while she moved around to face his front. "Oh wow! Look at what a mess you made slut!" She teased. The fox boy's face was flushed red, his ears were down and sweat, spit and drool were all over him. His eyes glossed over looking about like he didn't even know where he was. "Uuuuuh....huuuuuh..." He weakly moaned, obviously out of it from fading in and out of consciousness. "Come on slut, you better wake up for me to fuck your ass!" She said stepping up closely so her cock was back over his face. But Ika only shook his head, "Pleease...ugh...no more..." Popo barked out a laugh, "Oh shut the fuck up toy." She swung her hips, using her cock as a baseball bat practically and slapping Ika in the face with it. And since she was no longer holding him by his hair, the force of it was enough to send him to the ground. Again, the thick weight of her flesh felt like a punch to the face as she batted him with it. Plopping down roughly onto his side.

"Ughh! Uuuuhhhn..." He moaned pitifully; Popo now confidently reached down to press the release switch on the device holding him. She knew he wasn't going anywhere and she wanted to be able to spread those long yellow legs. His limbs snapped free when the tendrils curled back, but he didn't leap up and try to flee like Jay hoped he would. She face fucked him in and out of consciousness so much he was far too worn out to have the energy to run. So he tried to curl in on himself, practically like a last defense, bracing for the further abuse that was sure to come. "Aaaawwww look at yoooou." Popo put her hands on her hips again as she circled him. "Shutting up now aren't you slut? Well too late!" She cheered and lifted her paw to kick Ika in his rear, sending him rolling over. "Now! You're gonna get! What! You! Deserveeeee bitch!" Every word she kicked him again, pushing and nudging him about with her large foot paws. Once or twice even nailing him in the face, not hard enough to physically injure him, but definitely enough to toss him around and soften him up even more. Jay groaned against his binds while he watched her torture him, all the way up until she leaned over and picked up his legs, pulling him back so far and lifting his lower body so that only his upper shoulders were left on the ground. Now he was in the opposite of the first kneeling position, his ass was reared up and facing the stars with his head on the ground, neck craned uncomfortably on the floor and with his own cock pointing down at him. Somewhere in all this craziness, his own prick actually grew to a fully hard state. It must've been when he was in and out of it, because he wasn't enjoying this at all, she was raping him, but his body was responding to the abuse with endorphins. Pleasure was its coping mechanism it seemed. His legs fell low at each of his sides while Popo again squatted over him, laying her monster between the pillowy valley of his soft butt cheeks and sawing it a few times. His tail hanging low and his half-lidded eyes looking up at his destiny with fear. "Nooo..." He whimpered. But Popo yet again, ignored him, "Maybe this will finally shut your pretty face up for good cutie..." She lifted her hips...laying her hands on the back of Ika's thighs for support, the size of them nearly able to wrap around his legs completely. And reared her pelvis back, aiming her cock. "Here we gooooooo!" One final taunt from her before he felt the huge glistening tip kiss his far too small star. "Aaah!" That did wake him up a little, but he still lacked the energy to move much other than shaking his head. "Please! No! Nononono!" "Uggh...shut up!" Popo complained again, lifting one of her foot paws from beside him and bringing it down on his face. Practically shoving her toes into his rubbed raw mouth, having to angle a little differently now, but her goal was still the same. And she applied the right amount of pressure to puuuuuush. "Be...quiet...Momma wants to enjoy this..." She lifted her toes back out and left the sole of her foot on his face, stepping on it completely while she lowered herself. His anal ring stretching...and stretching...

Ika's legs started to weakly kick, trying to wriggle away, but she held them... Stretching...stretching... He felt his defenseless hole weaken, there was no way! It could never fit! It was impossible! Stretching...aaaaaand...pop. Again, she was not merciful, she didn't slowly guide it in, she didn't carefully ease him into taking it up the but with her fingers or something smaller. No, she dove in, and she dove deep. The same way his throat bulged when she went inside him, his tummy bulged as her cock plummeted into the depths of his ass. Plowing through the meager barrier and immediately being unwillingly welcomed by the tight, convulsing muscles the fox had down there. Ika tried to scream, but all that came out was a strange hiccup like gasp that ended in a wideeyed expression of shock and terror. She thrust it all the way in, balls against his booty, and white-hot burning sensations raged throughout his being. His mouth open as he silently screamed. Popo meanwhile, reveled in the feeling, "Oooooooooohhhhh yeeeeeessss..." She hissed, "Thaaaat's a good boy...aaaah..." And right away, she began. Her body lifting up and driving back down, not even giving him ten seconds to gather himself. She was raring to go, horny as hell from chasing them and with her gold mine red panda back there, a victory fuck was well earned. She didn't care about the well being of the fox, she even lifted her weight with both feet, meaning the one stomped down onto his face was pressing him into the ground with at least a fraction of her weight. It was indescribable, Ika's body went numb everywhere except his ass, no amount of pain blocking suggested by his brain could save him from that. The loud clap of her twin orbs on his ass ringing in each ear as she took what was hers. His virginity stolen in the most rough way, hammering him into the earth while she delighted in his suffering. He couldn't moan, grunt, groan or even cry, only the smallest squeaks of fear and pain managed to work their way out of his neck. Popo of course was having a wonderful time, her hands pulling back to grip his ankles for support while she thrust down. Her cock singing with joy, the tightness clutching her every curve and crease was Heaven on her girl meat. She looked to the skies with an expression of elation and bliss. Counting her lucky stars for stumbling upon these two boys by chance. "Ahhh! Haaaaah yeees! Oh fuck yes boy! Ooou! You're so tight!! Ahaha! You feel so gooood!" Finally she complimented the fox instead of chastising him, only it clearly fell on deaf ears while she raped him. Bending his body further and further down each time she brought her weight onto his ass. She could feel his tunnels trying to accept her, forcing them to expand and adapt to her abrupt, and aggressive, repeated entries. Only making it feel even better for her, while Ika felt the

painful discomfort of his guts being forced to stretch. His prostate pounded beyond belief, his body spasmed and twitched and his eyes rolled back. Letting out one final weak little moan before they did and his cock suddenly began to spew! A milky white little load barely managing to eek it's way out of his much smaller prick. It spurted out of his smallish tip, balls squeezing out reluctantly as a load was literally forced out of him. The boy cream shooting down and splattering on his face and Popo's foot as he was forced to cum before fading away. "Oh wow!" Popo admonished this of course, "You fucking came! Ahahaha!! I knew you were a little bottom butt boy just waiting to be broken in! Nnf!" She shoved him harder down, his shins were practically on the ground she had him bent so far back, thankfully he seemed flexible enough to not just snap while she redoubled her efforts. "But look at what you did! You came on my foot! Little fucking slut!" She smacked his ass so hard, she felt she might've dislocated his pelvis from the force of it! But hey, it left a sweet pink handprint there. "You need to be punished! Nff!! Again! I...ooh...I'm gonna fill you with my spuuuunk!" She lustfully sang, "Ahhahaha! You fucking cute as fuck little bitch! Maybe now, you'll learn aagh! To keep your mouth..fucking...SHUT! OOOOHHHH!!!" She picked up the pace as she felt her own balls rising. The tension in her own belly becoming far too intense to bear, watching this pathetic toy squirt out a little load, courtesy of her cock was easily sending her over the edge. She reared her hips back, yanking her dick out all the way to the tip, and plowed back in. Railing him as her peak swiftly approached. She arched her back, snuggling her nuts right up against his entrance, cock swelling and sealing his depths shut as she felt herself blow. "Oooooooooooohyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeessssss aaaaaaahhhh..." She groaned, her balls flexing and erupting with a torrent of nut. Rushing from it's home, up the long journey of her cock pipe and pouring into the boys little belly like a geyser. It came out in looong streams that lasted a few seconds before her dick surged, undulating a second spurt lasting just as long. Extremely thick, gooey cum was typical among the Paws, extra potent, and with billions of little swimmers happy to wiggle their way into any boy womb they could find. So much ran out of her that it immediately made Ika's belly bloat. Swelling and growing more and more with each long burst of hot, thick cum. He was wrong about what he thought earlier, her load didn't make him look six month pregnant...more like nine months by the time she was finished dumping easily over a gallon of girl goo into his tummy. Popo took a looong relaxed breath, giving Ika's butt a nice pat before stepping backwards and letting her, still mostly hard cock slip out of him with a loud, wet, 'schlick.' "Haaah...fuck I needed that." The fox's body simply keeled over, collapsing flat on his back, allowing Popo to

appreciate the job she had done. "Haha! Stupid toy." She mocked him, again raising her leg and harshly stomping on his bloated tummy. Causing a sudden spurt of her fresh jizz to cum spraying back out the hole it went in, running in an ooze like puddle and pooling beneath him. His belly still swollen, but noticeably smaller. She giggled so much at this debaucherous display, clapping her hands together while he spurted like a hose. Jay was in tears over on the other side of the grass, he thought for a minute that Ika was done for, but after she stepped back from stomping him again, he noticed his chest was slowly rising and falling. He was breathing! He didn't make any notion or comment about this, afraid that if he did, the Paw might finish him off. Instead, she walked over to her suit and her device. Picking them both up and heading over to Jay with a happy spring in her step, and a bounce to her monster cock. "Welp! Come on panda boy! Time to take you home!" She reached down and effortlessly lifted Jay off the ground by his bound ankles and wrists. "Mmmmf??" He moaned into his gag. "Ohhh don't worry about your friend, I'm sure sooomeone will find him at sooomepoint. I mean...not that our guards come out here sooo...ehh, he'll be fine I'm sure. Not like other hunters or wild animals roam these parts looking for some fresh meat!" She finished off with a cackling laugh akin to that of a supervillain as she resumed skipping off back in the direction of the Rabbit Hole. All the while Jay hoped against hope that Ika would come to consciousness soon, otherwise they both were bound to be goners.
