Into The Rabbit Hole - Ch 03 Story Commission by DamienDeath20 Warnings: (Rape, Size Diff, H/m/ Sex, Watersports, Sadism/BDSM, Death) "Mmmflmmfffmphmffflmmmphmmm!!!" Jay struggled in his binds, thrashing wildly and his skin starting to become a bit raw from the continuous rubbing against the cables. The light on the ceiling was still so dim that he could barely see who the figure was entering the room. And with the collapsed unconscious body of Popo on the floor beside him along with the small unmoving squirrel boy. Jay simply panicked, finally becoming overwhelmed by the amount of events happening and just struggled as hard as he could. The shadow looked like another large woman, and he'd seen enough of that gender for one day. So he squirmed and thrashed his way along the floor trying to get away from her. "Shhh! Shhh! Shush! You gotta be quiet!" The figure raised her index finger to her muzzle and tried to quiet the panicking red panda. "I'm not gonna hurt you! I wanna help!" She put up her other hand defensively, "Shhh!!! We can't let the other bunny hear you!" She knelt down, trying to get closer to Jay's level as he stuffed himself into the tiny space available beneath the chair. It was quickly becoming crowded in the room now with four bodies inside it, so without any extra space to continue wriggling, Jay eventually had to cease his wild movements, settling for just cramming himself as far back as possible while the woman finally came into the light enough for him to get a better look at her. She was even taller than the previous two girls! While they made it to eight feet plus, she had to be over nine easily. Her fur was mostly a dark grey, darker than Popo's and in several areas like the hair on her head and the striped on her longer bushy raccoon tail, it was black. Amidst the black shoulder length hair on her head, she also had a white stripe in it, her muzzle itself was white as well giving her almost an old fifties bank robber look. Another white stripe ran over her pointed ears and her cerulean blue eyes held a light of hope to them as she looked over the trembling boy before her. Another thing that separates her from many of the women around here was that...she wore clothing. Covering her up was a black suit with yellow trimming at the edge of the sleeves and pants, more yellow stripes around the thighs, chest, and around her neck where it ended. Also what seemed to be a yellow utility belt around her hip with a few pouches and small compartments. No shoes though, and her foot paws gently stepped closer to Jay in her kneeling position.

"Please keep quiet and please stay calm!" She asked in a hushed voice, "I'm gonna help you get out of here." Carefully, she reached a nervous hand forward, towards Jay's side where the capture device was still stuck onto him. "Just...let me..." Jay obviously flinched away from her touch, only she wasn't reaching for him. She instead pushed the release button on the side of the device and all of the sudden, the taut tension of the cables slackened, unravelling and scattering around Jay on the floor. His limbs were finally able to move again after hours...she set him free. "Gah! Haaah...aaaahh..." Jay flexed his jaw, and uncurled his arms as best he could. Stretching them and feeling the blood rushing back into them after being stuck in an awkward hogtied position for far too long. Running his fingers over the spots where the cables coiled around him. Light red imprints were left there, nothing that would last long but were just evidence on how tightly he was bound. The Raccoon woman didn't approach him any further, she kept a safe distance and allowed him to stretch. Well, as best as he could at least, this room was so tiny that she had to remained crouched over in order to fit. Her eyes looking over the display around her, the motionless Squirrel boy on the floor, and the unconscious Rabbit who did this to him. She scowled, feeling ashamed in the moment of her own kind. So many of them, uncaring about the damage they were doing to the world. Did none of them really realize what was going to happen if they kept this up? Was ignorance really this blissful? "I'm...so sorry about your friend." She whispered quietly. Jay's eyes shot up to her at that, thinking for a moment that she was talking about Ika. But realized he was mistaken when he noticed her looking sorrowfully down on the boy below them. And at first he said nothing, unsure if he should even spare words with her in case she was just another violent Paw. But if she was, why did she not just take him already? He was already bound, if she wanted to, she could've stolen him away with minimal effort. So maybe she wasn't here for that? And also he saw something in her eyes that neither women he encountered had when they looked down on him or any other boy. Sympathy, she crouched down and gently stroked the squirrels light brown fur along his head. Finding one of the only still soft spots untouched by the matted fur, and foulness that ruined the rest of it. Her eyes full of sadness and mourn, something the unconscious Popo beside him had nothing of. "...I didn't know him..." He told her, drawing the attention of the Raccoon woman, "But this same bunny did something quite similar to my friend." He hoped and prayed that Ika was alright, he needed to get back to him. And get out of the Rabbit Hole.

"Well...I'm sorry for him too, but we have to get out of here now." She said, carefully maneuvering her way out of the tiny room. "Her partner's right upstairs, if she comes down and finds us she'll call the city watch." Jay glanced back up to her, "Why are you helping me?" "I can explain everything when we get to my safe house but please we have to hurry." She walked into the hall, quickly gesturing with her hands trying to get Jay to follow after her. He hesitated for a moment, but then he looked at his surroundings again...what other choice did he have? He released a long sigh and slowly gathered himself, steeling his resolve to go along with the mysterious Raccoon woman. The two moved out into the front room he only got a brief look at before thanks to his awkwardly cramped position in the box. Jay definitely had to walk a little bow-legged due to the large amount of time he had spent hogtied, and he stumbled a little bit down the hall until he came up close to his rescuer. She was kneeling over and untying the twine on a large burlap sack, it appeared to be empty and big enough to fit at least two bodies inside it. "Alright, listen to me." She whispered, only briefly casting a look at him over her shoulder. "I have to smuggle you out of the city, there's a safe bastion a few miles away that can house you for a bit until we figure out where to take you next. But we'll have to make a stop at my safe house first, if we try to just go straight to the bastion we'll lose daylight and there's no way we'll make it through the night guards and security gates." She explained rapidly, standing up and moving over to several of the products shelved on the walls. Jay watched her wearily, still not one hundred percent sure if he should follow along with her or just try and make a break for it out the door. Granted if he did that he'd be running out into a main street with dozens of Paws roaming about, and he'd probably suffer a fate worse than what he would've had in here. It didn't stop him from being nervous though, especially as the woman grabbed several tarps and a large coiled length of rope. "Wh...what are those for?" He asked. "Cover, in case anybody tries to look in the bag." She grabbed up a few more odds and ends before turning back to him. "The only way I can get you out of here without being seen is if you hide inside there." She gestured to the empty sack with her full hands. And Jay was only just barely able to hold back the groan that threatened to escape his throat. She wanted him to crawl into a small container willingly? After he had just been stuck in one, in a very uncomfortable position for hours??? But it seemed as if she could sense his dismay and quickly added, "I know it looks bad, I understand, but you've gotta believe me. I'm not gonna hurt you I only wanna help." She glanced nervously towards the door, as if any moment someone could walk in. "Not

all of us are happy with how the world has changed, and I know you have no reason to but I'm asking you to please trust me. Help me help you." She spoke, pleading with the red panda to believe her. But it was an uphill battle. After everything he'd gone through his entire life, getting him to trust a large Raccoon paw like herself wasn't going to be easy. So she'd have to just be as open as she possibly could, and hope that he was able to let his guard down just enough for her to help him. "...My name is Libby." She offered softly. Jay actually blinked hearing her say this, after the long day of torment and torture at the hands of that Popo and her partner, he almost forgot that they were actually supposed to be furred folk just like himself. Only biologically engineered to achieve superiority. Throughout the whole time he barely even considered the fact that they might have one day been just as normal as he was. That maybe they had families, or friends, but over time just devolved into these sex starved, remoresless maniacs that he lived in fear of. So hearing her actually introduce herself like this was something he wasn't ready for, just something that put them on a slightly more even ground. A name, such a little thing that could mean so much. He looked over her for a few more seconds, then back to the bag. So far, she had only tried to help, and what was his alternative? Trying to take on the other Paw Juxta upstairs by himself? What if Popo woke up? What if they chased him into the street and he ran into the arms of a dozen other, more savage women. This woman here though...this...Libby. She wasn't making him do anything, everything she was offering, was an option. She was giving him a choice, something that no other woman had done for him in years. His shoulders sagged a little and he looked irritatedly down at the sack, and started to move towards it. Getting down onto all fours and preparing to crawl inside, "Thank you...my name's Jay..." He returned the introduction and picked up the burlap. Libby sighed with relief and quickly walked over to assist him, she set her cover items down on the floor and grabbed the edges of the bag so Jay could lift his long legs up and finagle his way inside. Libby did her best to not stare at the lithe little body this red panda sported, and elected to just try and make him as comfortable as possible in a fetal position at the bottom. "Okay Jay, cover yourself up with this, and I'll lay the other stuff over it to hide you. Try not to make any sounds and I'll make the trip as short as possible." She settled the tarp around him, Jay taking hold of it and guiding it over his face. "My safe house is only a little ways away, we can talk more there." She piled everything as gently as possible into the bag and tugged the mouth of it up, securing it with twine as it was before. "And...you're welcome..." She spent a couple seconds tying the mouth good and tight to ensure it wouldn't come loose, then as gently as she could manage, hoisted the bag up over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes.

Jay felt deja vu in this moment as the burlap stretched around him, at least this time though his method of transportation wasn't a cold hard box. And his limbs weren't bound in a tight, uncomfortable pose, but this time he needed to stay as still as possible. The bag wasn't as concealing as the box was, so he needed to do his best and just remain motionless. Libby took a breath, this was a big risk she was taking, if anyone found out what cargo she was toting, she'd become quite the target. Everybody knew how rare and valuable red panda's were these days, so she needed to get him out of the city as quickly as possible. She practically booted open the front door of the shop and marched out of it like she owned the place. Stepping into the street and walking along, quickly a few eyes were drawn to her, dog Paws, some Hunters, and even a rather tall elephant girl. All of them glancing at the rather large 'package' she was carrying, some even inquiring about it. Libby kept a level head though, playing it off as buying a good haul of equipment for their research at the corporation. Her reputation playing to her aid in this situation, however her fellow Paws weren't the only ones hearing her explanations. Jay inside the bag was also listening very closely to what she had to say, the corporation... Did that mean Sin Corp? It had to, and of course she could just be bluffing to keep the other women off of her back, but since they all seemed to recognize this Raccoon girl and acknowledge her position, these statements seemed to hold at least some water. This only causing more concern to bubble up inside of Jay, if she was taking him to the headquarters of the corporation, then his life was in imminent danger. But why would she have gone through the trouble just to get him? He didn't know, nor could he prove this fear either, so he was left with two options. Either trust her and let her take him to whatever location she planned to, or wait for the sounds of the crowds to die down and for them to reach a more rural area. Then maybe he could puncture the bag and make a break for it, but then again, if she was genuine, then he would be blowing his only chance for help escaping. Which option does he choose? Little did the both of them know however, that Libby was being watched very closely. Not actually by one of the Paws however, but a young male rabbit waiting outside of Juxtaposition. He wasn't watching her originally, he came here at first because of Popo, her boasting about her big catch in the woods. She should know better than to talk about those kind of scores during times like these. When males were in so few supply, calling out and declaring to the world that you just grabbed a rare one, isn't the smartest of ideas. Popo of course wasn't the brightest bulb on the Christmas tree, but she was effective as a Hunter. The bunny boy took note of this with the metal box she was bringing back into her shop, he was

about two seconds away from entering the building himself when Libby arrived. An empty burlap sack at her side and a determined look in her eyes. He waited outside for a few minutes and just as he predicted, said Raccoon exited, now with a full sack over her shoulder and walking with a purpose off in a random direction. So sticking to the sidewalk, he followed along after her, thankfully mostly unbothered by the numerous other women passing him by thanks to his attire. This bunny was owned by someone with enough money and power to lay a claim on him. He wore his own version of the Hunter jumpsuit, only much...tighter, and hugging the small boys body like a second skin. It was covered a deep red, and around his neck was a choker, a small blinking red light on the side of it. The chip inside dictating that he was owned for a specific work service that required him to be able to roam about the city. A member of a labor force that wasn't heavy lifting, construction, breeding or slave work. The outfit and choker essentially provided this boy with a limited degree of protection from anyone below red level clearance. Most civilians in the Rabbit Hole were around two levels below that, so they could look, but would get into trouble if they tried to touch. Permitting him plenty of leeway to follow Libby for a long time. Eventually, he traced her to one of the many rundown and abandoned areas of the city. The slave labor force had been trying to expand and rebuild these areas to continue to grow the Rabbit Hole, only with the dwindling numbers of males, progress was slow. Manual labor was considered below the paws now, and hardly any of them ever actually took up that kind of work. Even though it was to their own detriment, slowing their progress and progression, domination over the male species took precedence overall else. Libby ducked off into a nearby Ally, casting a look over her shoulder to ensure she wasn't being followed and forcing the Bunny boy to need to step back behind a different building, avoiding her gaze narrowly. But this unfortunately caused her to break line of sight with him, and when he hurriedly dashed after her, peeking around the corner of the last alley he saw her in, she was gone. He quietly cursed under his breath, but at least he wasn't going back to his Mistress empty handed. This Raccoon Paw was hiding something, and Mistress Hannah was going to want to know... Elsewhere "AAAH!!! HAAH! AH! AAAH!! PLEASE!!! AAAH! STOOP!!! NO MOOOREEE AAAHH!!!!" The yellow furred doggy boy flailed back and forth as his stomach distended, stretching and bulging over and over with each intense thrust. The massive equine cock rutting in and out of his ass mercilessly.

"Mhm...well done bunny." Behind him, the massive Paw wearing a red bounty hunter uniform, deep black and laced in red stripes, fucked him into oblivion. She held a cell phone to her long ear and grinned a pointy, fanged tooth grin. "I knew it would be smart to keep you, such a perceptive little thing like yourself will be far better use to me than this useless thing." Her free hand came down in a sharp smack on the doggie boys booty. She'd been fucking him for hours, nearly over a day, her eighteen inches of horse cock burying itself in his guts over and over. The thickness stretching him beyond his bodies limit and causing the tiny form of his body to bounce helplessly on her hips. She worked him like a toy, just dragging him back and forth on her meat, bringing herself to the edge of ecstasy and doling out his punishment for being utterly useless to her. "I...I'll beee...good! I prooomissee aaaahaaaaa!!!" His screams were getting weaker, and his bloated tummy, full with maybe three or four of her loads sloshed about beneath him. "Mistreesss Hannaaaah pleeeeasseee!" But Hannah only rolled her eyes, "I gave you one chance you fucking useless cunt, and you blew it, so fucking deal with it." She said to him cruelly and shoved the root of her sheath all the way inside. Her balls slapping his entire boyhood with a brutal power that left his nuts bruised, and the bulge of her cock inside him just went deeper and deeper. "Anyway, I'd love to hear more about your find my little bunny. And now that I'm getting rid of this one, there will be a nice, cozy little spot for you under my bed now." She grinned. 'Thank you so much Mistress, you're so kind to me. Would you like me to come home and tell you face to face what I saw? To avoid any listeners over the lines' Her boy spy on the other end asked. "My my look how smart you are little one!" She praised him, "So much smarter than this dumb sack of shit." Once again spanking the puppy boy harshly, leaving large red handprints on his big bouncy cheeks. He shrieked from the impact, but then his body started to sag as more and more of his energy was drained by the super charged bounty hunting woman. She was built of stamina and muscle, much similar to stallion bunnies in the Rabbit Hole, only she was of the Kangaroo persuasion rather than horse. They did share the similar shape of cock however, and her flared tip was making sure that this boy remembered it for the last few minutes of his little life. His moans and pleas getting weaker and weaker, struggles dying down as his legs dangled below, his body facing away from her while railing him from behind. At maybe the twenty-sixth hour mark, all four of his limbs finally went limp. Only this time, it wasn't unconsciousness like the previous times, oh no. Hannah grinned knowing that finally this slutty bitch had gone lights out. She chuckled, "Fucking finally, good riddance you useless whore, mmmh...hang on Bunny, let me finish here..." She spoke into the phone and set it down

beside her, grabbing the doggies hips in both her hands and started to jerk him down her inches even faster now. With his body motionless, there was no more annoying squirming or kicking that she had to put up with. And she could just use him as the little pleasure toy that he was meant to be, ramming him down her length and massaging her dick with his tightness faster and faster until she grit her teeth hard. "Gggrrrrgghhhhhh!" She growled, her fingers digging in hard to the boys sides as she let her next load blow. His filling up tummy seeming to go a few months deeper into pregnancy as another liter of girlcum was dumped into his bowels. His head actually lurched up a little as one of her blasts was strong enough to force the overloading amounts of cum all the way up his neck and out his mouth. Spilling out onto the floor like a geyser while she rutted him for the final time, her huge nutsack squeezing and flexing out the last spurts of her cum while she sighed in satisfaction. Over the phone, she could just barely hear her bunny speak again, 'Thank you for cumming Mistress, I wish I could be there to make sure all your precious seed didn't go to waste.' Hannah chuckled, her heavy breasts concealed beneath the layers of her suit bouncing with the vibrations while she pushed the dog boy off her cock. The long trip of it causing him to slip all the way off and collapse in a used up heap on the floor while she picked up her phone again. "Haaaah...don't worry bunny, I've got more in my balls for you." She relaxed back on her couch, kicking her feet up and resting them over the dead boy beneath her. "You just get back here so we can go over what you saw, and then you'll make sure not a drop goes to waste right?" 'Yes Mistress.' She grinned, "Thank you darling, for both the contract...and for that sweet little mouth..." She clicked the button to hang up. Libby's hideout: Libby eventually caught on to the fact that she had a tail...not in the literal sense, even though she did have one. But she realized someone was following her, so acting quickly, she looped around through a series of unrelated routes to get to her apartment. It took longer, and was dark outside by the time she made it to the building, but better safe than sorry when it came to being caught. It was bad enough that someone was curious enough to follow her for so long, so she'd need to lay low for a bit after this. She climbed the steps of the old abandoned building, up to the third floor where they would hunker down for tonight. Many of the rooms were empty, since a large portion of the building was in ruins, however one in the far back of one of the halls was still completely intact. And it was one of the several safehouses Libby kept hidden around the city. It wasn't the prettiest or most luxurious places to stay, but it was clean and hidden from the Paws.

So she approached the red door and produced a key out of her belt, unlocking the door and pushing inside. She took a few steps into the center of the room and gently laid down the bag on the floor. "Okay, you can come out now." She whispered tugging the twine on the mouth of the bag so it loosened enough for the red panda to climb free. But before he could, she quickly one eightied and hurried over to the door to shut it, lock it, bolt it, bar it, and chain it. Jay fumbled his way out of the bag, kicking out the random items she swiped from the store and pushing the tarp out as well before scrambling up onto all fours to look at his surroundings. This was twice in a single day he'd been stuffed into a package one place, and been let out in another. However this time, rather than seeing a horrific place of sex toys, and implements of torture along with bound victims being subjected to endless rounds of torment. In here, it looked like just a house? Or rather an apartment, a little run down, slightly musty, a little dust here and there, but it had a roof and was high up off the ground on the third floor. Two windows lined the wall behind him and a simple wooden coffee table was at eye level with him on all fours. He scanned about a bit more and spotted the kitchenette, just a row of about four countertops with a stove and a sink. Cupboards above them and a tiny closet door that probably led to a pantry. On the opposite side of that, was a small sofa and another room, Jay didn't get the best look inside but he thought he saw the edge of a bed so one could guess it was a bedroom. The small hallway leading to the main entrance had another room in it which had to be a bathroom. Libby finished locking up the door and walked back into the living area with Jay, her steps at first were a rather quick pace, but she slowed the moment she saw him out of the bag. Almost like she had forgotten he was even there and had to take a second to remember. The two of them then shared a moment of awkward silence, just staring at each other from opposite points in this pre-apocalypse apartment. Jay felt like he should say something, but he couldn't get any words out, honestly he was too afraid to speak. After hours of being able to imagine every bad case scenario on the way here, he was dreading the potential consequences of trusting this Paw. She was one of them after all, sharing the height, the build, and of course, she was a woman. He was practically in another lion's den, and staring down the king of the jungle right now. But before he could work himself up to the point of nausea, Libby finally broke the quiet, "I'm sorry this is...the best I can do for you right now." She brought her hands together in front of her and twidled her thumbs almost nervously. "It's...not exactly the five star Pheromones but...it's old, which is a good thing." She made a few cautious steps around the side of Jay, treating him like HE was the dangerous one and she shouldn't approach. "Old means it hasn't been updated with Sin tech, which means they haven't expanded to this area, which means no cameras, no guards or alarms." She explained, inching her way over to the kitchenette, all the while being watched like a hawke by Jay.

"She almost seems...nervous?" He thought, settling back onto his haunches and no longer in an all fours ready to run position. She cleared her throat and went on, "Eventually they'll probably try and expand to this part of the city but, odds are they won't for a good while. Thirty percent of the Rabbit Hole is abandoned and run down, that's a lot of city blocks to comb through, let alone clean out and prep for reconstruction." She made it over to the counters and gently rested her butt onto the edge of one of them. She was so tall that she nearly easily was able to hop up onto them, unlike Jay who would've needed a boost to get up. "So...yes...we should be safe here for tonight, and tomorrow we pack up and go, hopefully we'll make it to the bastion before Noon." He'd let her go on for a minute now without interrupting, just watching her movements and listening to her words. The nerves thankfully calming down quickly as she explained her plan to him, because if there was ever a time to jump and ravish him, it would've been the moment that the door closed. Plus, he had listened around him for a second and heard nobody else in the apartment with them. They were alone, and she wasn't trying to rape him so...her intentions were pure? "Why are you helping me?" Jay asked suddenly, interjecting while Libby was in the middle of explaining more. "Huh? Oh, um..." She faltered, scratching behind her bunny ear for a moment before responding, "Well, Popo wasn't exactly subtle about her newest catch, so I knew that there was a boy in the box she had. And I wanted to help." Jay shook his head, "No I mean why did you 'want' to help me?" He emphasized his question better, "Why does a Paw want to help a boy?" "I'm not a paw." She said quickly, sternly, and almost brashly. Practically biting back at him for calling her that. Jay actually flinched back from the impulsiveness of it, Libby quickly seeming to show some shame with how she reacted. "I...I'm sorry I...I just...don't like to be associated with them." She crossed her arms over her breasts. Now though the red panda was curious, "Why? You're...a girl though?" He tilted his head. Her shoulders slumped and her eyes looked away from him and over towards the wall. "I'm not...a Paw anymore okay? I've left them and I'll never help them do anything again." She said defiantly, still being vague about it though. "I'm just trying to help now. As many boys as I can, which is why I'm taking you to Bastion, there's more boys and even some like-minded girls like me. You'll be safe there, we take care of each other and are working to get as many boys out of the Rabbit Hole as possible." He listened to her explain, still only getting a little information about her, she avoided her reason as to 'why' she wanted to help boys in the first place. The law was basically set in stone that all

males were nothing and useless except for the uses that the Paws (women) gave them. Otherwise they'd just let them all die out, excluding the breeding farms maybe. But then again, they didn't necessarily need those either since women could originally bare babies anyway. So if they wanted to wipe out males as a whole, couldn't they just do it? Jay didn't know, Ika was usually the one who had the answer to these types of things... Jay had to shake his head at the memory of his friend, wherever he was now. "Okay...fine, we're going to Bastion." Jay tried to block out Ika's tortured expressions from his mind by resuming the conversation, "Why don't we just go at night? Wouldn't we be better hidden?" Libby shook her head and pushed off the countertop, "No, cameras all around the border of the city have infrared vision for night. If I tried to lug you through one of the checkpoints you'd light up the bag like a furnace with your body heat. The city watch would know immediately I was trying to smuggle a boy out and either think I was a thief, or just try to take you for themselves." The red panda's ears deflated a little hearing that, neither he nor Ika knew about those, maybe that's how they were so easily tracked to the border? They thought they made it through the gates, but if Popo was watching the camera's, or a guard nearby did, they didn't have a chance. "Okay...so...wait here until morning." He looked back and forth a little, not seeing anything substantial to really do. It was probably just going to be a long awkward night in the same room as a tall Raccoon girl. She nodded her head, "Mhm...sooo..." She said, drawing out the last word for several seconds, trying to come up with another conversation starter. She needed something to distract her from the cute pose he was in on the floor... "...Are...you hungry?" Jay's ears twitched a little at that and his eyes slowly flicked up to look at her again. "Hmm?" "When was the last time you had something to eat?" Libby placed her hands on her knees and leaned over to get closer to Jay. Almost like she was inspecting him, and it was at this moment that he got his first really good closeup look at her. And he realized that it was quite a shame that she was a Paw and that likely meant she was packing a massive package down below. Because seeing just how bright and blue her eyes were, the gentle, sweet smile of her lips. She looked very pretty. "Umm...not since...yesterday? I think?" He eventually replied, his last meal consisted of a few stray berries he and Ika found to get some energy up for their mad dash to a possible freedom. But that was almost two days ago at this point, and wasn't exactly a meal anyways. Plus, almost as if his stomach heard the offer for food, there was a sudden obnoxiously loud growl rumbling from his tummy. Vocalizing just how empty it was, he'd had maybe two hundred calories in two days, not counting how many he burned both with his screaming, and struggles throughout the

time. All that running and thrashing probably depleted his body of a lot of calories and was yearning for some more. Libby stood upright again letting out the slightest giggle, "Well, it sounds to me like you could use some supper. I keep a little stash of non-perishable goods here for emergencies, why don't I whip up something for us?" She offered, turning tail and heading over to the little pantry door behind her. "Oh? Um...oh...okay." He softly accepted, shifting his position a little. Getting off of his knees and sitting cross legged on the floor. After everything he went through over the last day, food was probably the last thing on his mind, how could somebody have time to think about eating when the threat of rape is around every corner? But the body had needs, and if he could satiate them in this moment of peace, that saved him the trouble of having to worry about it later on in case he was on the run again. Libby opened the pantry and rummaged around inside, "Okay, it's all cans so do you want asparagus? Baked beans? Peaches?" She rattled off a few options, Jay could hear the rattling of tin inside the pantry and just hearing the names of the food started to make his mouth water. Another growl from his belly and a pang of hunger bit through him, with all the adrenaline dying down and a moment of calm, his body was able to remind him of just how hungry he had become. "Um...anything, any is fine." Truthfully, JAy hadn't had too many different types of food all throughout his life, just scraping by on whatever he could find, which mostly consisted of wild foliage and the occasional salvaged or stolen food from within the city. He didn't exactly get to sample many cuisines throughout his time as a runaway. Libby shrugged a shoulder, "Okay, let's make up some pork and beans." She took out two brown cans from the pantry and stepped aside to set them on the counter, allowing Jay to get a peak in and see the shelves lined with all sorts of rations. Cans lined all along the top shelves with some pre-packaged meals on the ones below that, and on the bottom of the pantry were these large water cooler jugs filled with crystal clear water. "Thirsty? Here let me pour you some water." She quickly added on in addition to lining up the food. Opening up the cupboards above, there were some pots, pans and cups available. She took out a nice healthy sized pot and two glasses for them, bringing them over to the water coolers and pushing down on the nozzle. The spigot quickly filling both cups with liquid and wordlessly she handed one off to Jay before returning to the kitchenette and hastily searching out a can opener to start their food. "Thank you..." He whispered, far too quiet for her to hear though. It was almost awkward actually thanking a Paw...or...not a Paw anymore? He still wasn't sure about the story there, but

the water in his hand was appreciated. It smelled clean and he watched her pour it and take a sip of her own before experimentally drinking some himself. Again, why she would go through all this trouble just to spike his beverage seemed like a silly thought in his mind. Maybe it was time to just settle down with the worries and just trust her, she was literally making him dinner right now. She seemed almost...eager to please? Or at least eager to help. The stove had a propane tank linked to it beneath the countertops in the cupboard below, she twisted a knob on that and clicked the switch to light the gas and got to work. All the while, Jay remained silent, just casually looking around the room, silently sipping his water and allowing the cool liquid to coat his hoarse throat. With all the screaming and drooling over gags he had done, the boy was much more parched than he was letting on. So the drink was very much appreciated. And only a short while later,was the pork and beans all heated up, mixed and ready to eat. Libby removed two smaller pots to use as replacements for bowls and divided the portions of the two cans up equally. ...Equally. Something Jay noted, even though it was something that could be deemed as simple or obvious. This little gesture of providing an equal amount of food for the both of them when she easily could've given herself more, or the whole damn thing and left him with just a spoonful. It was a simple show of equal ground that Jay hadn't seen from a woman in a very long time. "Okay, I hope you're hungry." Libby said, presenting his pot and sitting across from him on the floor. Again, she could've taken the couch, but she chose to stay on the floor with him. Not putting herself above him or before him in any way. He nodded his head, "Yes...starving." With a plastic spork presented, Jay sniffed the strange looking oval shaped brown clusters. Never had he eaten beans, pork he had heard of, but beans he'd never even seen. They smelled good enough that was for sure, but nonetheless he was still a little cautious with his first bite. The sweet, salty and savoury flavor hitting his tastebuds instantly, it nearly hurt his salvatory glands with the sudden whoosh through his taste buds. Smoky and delicious! His stomach urging his mouth to hurry up and chew it down so it could enjoy the beans too! And cautious little Jay suddenly turned into a ravenous predator in the moment, slinging his spork back into the pot over and over to shovel the food into his mouth. Chewing mightily and swallowing large masses of the syrupy goop as if it could disappear at any moment. Libby giggled a little at this while slowly eating her own portion, "I guess you like pork and beans?" Jay nodded, "Mmmh! Ish rewee good." He spoke with a mouthful, "Ish warm, chewwy, mmmh..." He nearly moaned while feasting away.

"Well, try to slow down a little, it's not going anywhere. You might upset your stomach if you eat it too fast." She tried to assist him, her heart hurting at the sight of this adorable red panda enjoying a hot meal for the first time in who knows how long? If feeding him meant gaining more of his trust and making the trip to Bastion smoother, then she would let him consume the whole closet if he wanted to. But while he mowed down, she slowly enjoyed her own meal, casually poking at her beans, stirring a bit to get a chunk of pork in her utensil and taking a bite herself. The pair quietly eating after that little exchange, eventually though they cleaned their pots out and finished up. Jay rubbing a hand over his happily filled tummy, rubbing it in circles with a content smile on his face. "Hmmmmm..." He licked his lips, "That was good..." Libby chuckled, "I'm glad I could help." He glanced over at her again, and although he was grateful for everything she did, that question couldn't help but rear it's ugly head again. Just why exactly was she helping in the first place? Did she spontaneously have a change of heart one day and decide to switch over to the boys side of things? Or was she doing this for some other deeper meaning? "Libby?" Jay finally spoke her name, drawing her attention with a quiet, 'mm?' "I know you said that you just want to help boys, but I have to ask, why exactly are you doing this? Going through all this trouble, risking getting arrested, just to help a dying breed avoid the Paws? I'd just like to know." He asked her. Libby's smile slowly faded from her face and her eyes went down to the floor. "Jay...you don't wanna know why I'm doing this." "Yes I do." He sat up straight, "I'm not gonna like...judge you or anything. I just wanna know why my savior decided to be my savior today. If you hadn't come get me, I'd be raped probably a bunch of times and jammed into a little cold crawl space in a dungeon right now. Either dead or dying probably." He said grimly, "And yeah, I was nervous about you at first but, I'd probably be in a very bad situation if you hadn't...literally saved my life. So, I'd just like to know." She paused, seeming to be contemplating whether or not she should give him the answer he was asking for. "Jay..." She sighed, looking away from the orange furred boy, unable to take the guilt his own baby blue orbs made her feel. "The Paws are destroying the world." She suddenly said. "Wh...what?" He leaned back in surprise. "They're trying to keep it secret, trying to pretend like everything is okay, that they're still the dominating leaders and hierarchy of the world when in reality they're slowly burning the Earth to the ground." She kept her eyes away from Jay and on the floor, "They've become so careless with the male gender. The Macro's of Sin Corp have almost collectively lost their minds,

constantly pushing for less and less care with the treatment of the male gender. They don't care if they're used for cattle and they don't care if they're just tossed aside lifeless after their used up." She went on, her words again gaining that small bite to them as she started to sound a little angry at what she was talking about. "The stupid people up top are digging the grave for the world a little deeper everyday, with the genetic interfearence and modifications they've implimented into the female gender...girls can't..." Her head turned fully to the other side of the room, looking as far away from Jay as she possibly could. "Females can't...have babies anymore..." Jay felt his heart actually skip a beat, "H...huh? But...how?" She shook her head, "It's the damn pathogen, the stupid gene developed by Sin Corp, the way it altered us, made us grow, made us stronger, gave us co-" She cut herself off, "Gave us things we didn't have before..." She quickly course corrected, "But they discovered a few years ago that the more this gene spread and lingered in the female body...the more it destroyed all traces of its former biology. The body chemistry we once had were a complete thing of the past due to over exposure of this pathogen." She slowed for a moment, Jay noticing her shoulders sag a little, "It's a ninety nine percent alter rate, and no reversible chromosome has been engineered to fix it. Leaving the supposed breakthrough, M-preg chip to be the revolutionary cure." "But...I thought..." The red panda started, "I thought that was developed just..." "Just for the Paws pleasure? And to extend the use of the male species?" Libby finished for him, "No, it was made out of necessity, not for fun. Since the chip only works with male DNA, it can't be used with girls. But then again, nine out of every ten pregnancies yields a female, the ratio of birth is tipped very obviously in the Paws favor." "Why would they do that?" He leaned in, curious to learn more. Libby finally turned to face him, "Because Gods forbid the male populations numbers begin to increase. The idiots at the top are more concerned with keeping their numbers high then they are about the fact that at this rate, the male population will be down to less than one percent within a few months. And after that? A few years? With all the needless killing and poor handling of males they exercise in the Rabbit Hole?" She had to bite her lip, seeming to start getting very worked up over this, "They're killing themselves, but rather than admit that they've screwed up and need to begin working on an alternative way to move forward, they're just clinging to their high towers, their comfy beds, and their boy sluts warming their dicks every night for as long as they can." She bitterly finished. Jay watched her shoulders go from slumped to rising and falling heavier than before. Clearly, she was getting quite amped up about this, but not really angry looking. More like just frustrated, and he very quickly started to suss out that she most likely had some kind of personal stake in all this. Playing even more into this theory was, how did she even know all this? It didn't seem like it

was common knowledge, so he decided to ask. "Libby? How do you know about this? Wouldn't the rest of the populace get...concerned if this was a legitimate problem?" She scoffed with a slight smirk, "I know because like you said... I was a Paw, and I used to work close by to Sin Corp. tower. You hear a lot of things when those scientists have had one or two drinks." She told him, "Plus even if this info got out, damage control and cover up. A fabricated story by escaped male convicts trying to rattle the Paws. It's already prepared and ready just in case this ever gets out, they can't have anything disturbing their perfect lifestyle. And Gods forbid their power is questioned." She waved her hands dramatically and fell back onto her butt, seeming to be done explaining and just fed up overall with the situation. "So...that's why you're helping us? Because we're...needed to...breed?" He probed gingerly. Libby snapped up, "What? No! Nononono, that's not it." She scooted closer to JAy, ready to shut that down as quick as she could. "Trust me no that's not it I swear. We have a team put together of scientists on out own end, and we're trying to find a way to reverse the pathogen to allow women to breed again. That way not only would they be able to make babies, but the gender ratio would be brought back to fifty, fifty. Meaning the male population would have a chance to regrow again." She assured him, even though the thought of using his lithe little red panda body to breed was very...tempting... She couldn't help herself from sneaking just a liiiiiittle peak over his hips and seeing the swell of his supple ass. No wonder red panda's were so rare, she felt a little pulse down between her legs, signalling her animal instincts to tear that ass up... But she managed to force it back down with a shake of her head, "Anyway! I'm uh...sorry about kind of...going off like that. I guess I'm still kind of mad at those Macro's up top responsible for all of this." Jay blinked a couple times hearing her use that word again, "Um, if I can ask one more question though? As long as you don't mind?" She shrugged her shoulder, "You've mentioned them a couple times but I don't know what you mean...what are Macros?" Hannah's Apartment: "Well...a contract for a red panda boy...just when I thought my life couldn't get any better..." The Kangaroo Paw slowly squeezed the latter half of her towering cock. Her fingers making squishing sounds as they squelched the precum between her digits, "I get rid of a useless little runt of a dog, replace him with the fresh, cutest, obedient little bunny bitch in the batch..." She wagged her cock a little, using it as a bludgeon to slap the boys face under her dick. "Aah..." He moaned slightly as the heady shaft struck his cheek, his lips parted and tongue out, swiping at the huge hanging nutsack of hers.

In the time it took for him to make it back to her home, she had removed the body of her previous little 'helper', and stripped out of her bounty hunter outfit. Now baring it all for her bunny to see as he came home. The fur pattern on full display, pure white over her breasts and stomach with her rock hard six-pack abs. White all the way down her toned legs and clawed feet. But brown fur atop her shoulders and her arms, even along her forehead and eyes but her muzzle was white. Along with a little head of dirty blonde hair at the very height of her head, with two pointed ears. He got to see the sight of her waiting for him, legs spread wide on the couch with her soft sheath laying out lazily. Hannah commanded her boy to get down on his knees and crawl to her as her cock got hard. It very menacingly emerged from its sheath, growing more and more and stretching up high above the white furred bunny boys head. The tip flaring up as she reached full mass. Dark colored skin for the sheath and the ballsack, with a lighter pinkish color for the fleshy length. Bulging veins and a dripping tip to accompany it. Then here came the fun part for her, she got to hear all the info her spy had gathered for her. Hannah's job as a Rabbit Hole bounty hunter, was to collect rare boys for the high class of the city. Contracts paid her quite a substantial amount of coin to collect and procure for them fresh males to have fun with, in whatever way they pleased. Whether that was through good old fashioned lustful fun, or some of the weirdo Sin Corp. experimentation. Hannah didn't care, as long as she got paid, and got her rocks off. "So...we've got a rare breed boy in the city...a red panda if your little ears heard correctly." The bunny nodded his head, murmuring a soft 'mhm!' as his lips enclosed around one of her orange sized balls and sucked hard. "Quite the fucking rare find indeed, mmmmmmh..." She jacked her long dick off over him. Her stroking going from sheath to head, and her nuts being polished very thoroughly with the boys tongue. "I can't wait to collect that bounty...get looots of cash and buy me a nice heaping helping of boys to fuck right in front of you." She glanced down over her large breasts at the boys purple eyes. Both filled with need, and a little bit of fear... "Would you like that bitch? Watch me fuck other boys in front of you like the little cuck you are?" "Mmmhmmm!" He moaned over her nuts, slashing them with his pink appendage as hard as he could. Rolling them back and forth with his mouth, "Oh yes Mistress...mmmmh...please...please put me in my place..." "And where is your place bitch?" She slapped him again with her baseball bat cock. "Aaah! Nnnf...under your cock...under your perfect cock and your perfect balls and perfect feet, wherever you want me Mistress!" He spouted out, either an excellent actor, or genuinely into this treatment.

She chuckled, reclining her neck over the back of the couch and closing her eyes. Sweet, sweeeet sensations of bliss washing over her. "Such a good little pussy boy...knows exactly what he's worth///nothing at all..." She lifted one of her legs and swung it around to kick the bunny between his thighs. "Guughhmmmffm!" He grunted from the impact, jostling his little ballsack hidden in the tight jumpsuit. "Hmhmhmhmh..." She snickered some more, "Yeeeess...tell me again slut..." "You're perfect Mistress! Mmmwwahh! I'm so worthless, I don't deserve you Mistress!" He made out with her nuts, burying his muzzle as firmly as he could into her sack, inhaling the musky scent of her breeding bag. Her fist moving faster now, jerking her cock with an increasing fever and enthusiasm as his words of self-demeaning and appraisal to her increased, "I deserve to be cucked! I deserve to be abused by you! Mmmmh! Please abuse me Mistress! Abuse me hard! Make me cry! I want my perfect Mistress to feel good by treating me like the whore I am..." He nearly whimpered between deep sucks and smooches. She again swung her leg back and kicked him again, busting his tiny balls once more and drawing out another mournful groan from his lips. "Aaaaaahhh yeeeees that's iiiiit..." Her fist flying up and down her long length, the veins bulging hugely on her meat. "Remember what you told me stupid slut? Not a drop gonna go to waste?" The bunny nodded his head below her, but before he could say anything, she raised her finger up, "I changed my mind, I'm not gonna pour it down your slutty throat. I'm gonna paint your fucking face, and mark you for the worthless little boy whore you are..." She grinned evilly. An the boys eyes widened at this, showing that his performance was likely that of a skilled actor, and whether or not he was enjoying this was becoming more clear. "So lean back and open wide bitch..." She commanded. And he obliged, sitting back on his knees, releasing her balls with a 'pop' and opening his jaw as wide as it could go. Tongue out and all as she pointed her horse cock down at his face, and just a few more rough strokes later, Hannah shut her eyes and squeezed them tight. Giving one low growl as her balls rose slightly, tensing up with their heaping hoi batch of cum. "Oooooohhhhh fuuuuck here it is....aaaaaaahhh fuuuuuuck..." She softly grunted, her voice keeping a steady rasp while her tip reached it's full flared state. The bunny could see the white leak out of the tip at first before everything in his vision went completely snow colored and the temperature around him suddenly bumped up to over a hundred degrees. Her cum blasted out of her cock pipe in looooooooong streams, not shooting out in short quick bursts, but spraying like a hose for a solid three or four seconds before slowing,then picking up again quickly;y after. The bunny was drenched from head to toe in less than a minute flat, and this showed how the doggie boy overflowed so easily... She pumped out so much cum, it had to

be maybe a solid gallon just dumping straight onto his face and head. The salty taste of it burning onto his tongue with the heat and searing his memory with her flavor forever. She continued to beat her meat though until her balls had squeezed out their last few drops for now. A fifth load deposited for the day seemed like a good time for a break, so she gripped her cock from base to tip and let go so it flopped back down, loosing its hardness...for now. Hannah then took a moment to open her eyes and appreciate her work. The bunny looked as if he was covered from head to toe in a stiff paste of glue, practically steaming with its heat. Only a slight pink of the red jumpsuit could be seen through the pure white color as it slowly glooped down all over him in a viscous slime. Hannah barked out a loud bellowing laugh at the soaked boy. "Hahahahaha!!! That's a good look on you slut!" She lifted her leg up and kicked him a third time, driving her clawed foot into his chest this time to knock him over, essentially forcing the young boy to roll around in the sloppy mess of her baby goo on the floor. "Hehe! That's all gonna happen by the way slut, I get this contract, and I fuck a bunch of cheap sluts in front of you, and you have to clean up all my cum, out of them and off of them. As your reward for being such a good little cuck for me." She reclined again on the couch, lifting her legs up and over the arms for a nice, post orgasm snooze. "But until then, you got more work to do, get back out there and find out more info on where that bitch took the bag." She ordered. However he didn't jump on the order that time, instead looking down at his slathered in jizz form. Not a single part of him wasn't sticky with the gunk. But Hannah seemed uncaring about his problem, "You heard me cum slut." Her eyes drifted closed for her nap, soft cock resting happily over her thigh and a cheeky grin spreading out on her face. "Get the fuck out."
