Pip! Pip! The large Panther woman wordlessly dragged the items along the scanner, while the total kept being added up on screen, her eyes were looking only at the small figure waiting to have his bill tallied. He was but a little Spotted Hyena, cutely cut hot pink hair partially covering his eyes and a rocking body. His curves and proportions was the very definition of breedable. The cashier scanning his goods was already of the mind to tie him up in the back and take him home for some fun after her shift. She would have definitely done it too, were it not for that annoying smell he was giving off. "..." The young man was quiet, partially for his inability to talk at the moment. His fine features were warped with the way that his cheeks were inflated to the extreme. His jaws were open wide yet his lips were tightly pursed shut and trembling lightly as he struggled to hold whatever it was that was filling his mouth. It didn't take much guessing for the Panther though, even without her sensitive nose, she can smell the stench leaking from his nostril just by him breathing in her general direction. It was an extremely potent stench, one could only imagine the smell in his nose and also the taste in his mouth as he held it in. This smell was unfortunately the only reason the Panther had to hold back on grabbing him up right at this very moment. Pip! "Thirty-two dollars and ninety-six cents." "Mf~" The boy simply nodded, causing his cheeks to jiggle and wobble as the bitter/salty, viscous stuff sloshed around in his mouth. The Panther really thought it was a shame that it wasn't her own hot ball juice being held in his maw, however she could only hold on to that regret to put onto her own male later as she watched the tender looking Hyena boy walking out the store with a grocery bag full of ice-cream.

*** Now to get back. Maou breathed a sigh as he thought about the five mile journey back home, the stench of his mistress' potent semen once more flooding his nose as he does so. That was another five miles of holding the snotty, virile jizz in his mouth, his tongue was already pickled in the strong bitter/salty taste while the inside of his mouth constantly felt slimy from the thick consistency. It was a real struggle holding Brandy's nut in his mouth through the entire journey to the convenience store, and the return trip would be just as difficult. However, while this was mainly an act of his mistress' sadistic whims, it at least served a purpose in keeping him somewhat out of trouble on the long journey. An attractive and breedable male like him going out in public, especially at this time of night, came with many obvious dangers. The Hyena boy was already panicking just now as he had the large Panther tally his mistress' goods, he knew just as well that the only reason he hadn't been snatched up by her just now was because of the smell of Brandy's spunk in his mouth marking him as her territory. Of course, not everybody would respect another dom's claim of territory when there was a male like him out in the open, ripe for the taking. However thankfully there were the few cautious ones like the Panther just now that kept her hands off others' property. This made the Hyena's occasional commute at least somewhat safe, though the possibility of running into trouble was always there. Maou himself had had a few encounters of doms having their way with him despite Brandy's pungent marking. Although some set him free afterwards and he was able to slip away from the others, his troubles only continued when he got home and Brandy smelt another dom's jizz all over him. Hopefully tonight wasn't going to be one of those nights- "Oh, what do we have here?" Spoke too soon. Just one mile away, after walking for four miles while successfully nursing his mistress' ball batter in his mouth, Maou only had a little more to go when all of a sudden a voice called out to him! It was such a long journey to get to the

convenience store that was the only one around that sold Brandy's favourite ice cream. Maou had come to learn the safest route back and forth that would put him in least contact with any females that might be out and about at this time. He'd usually be successful in making it back without a sore jaw or ass, but of course there were times when his luck wouldn't be as good. "Watchu doing out this late, cutey?" "..." Though it wasn't as strong as the stench of semen in his nose, Maou was definitely able to pick of the scent of alcohol as a large figure blocked his way. Of all things, it was another hyena, however this Hyena was completely unlike Maou. Whereas the effeminate Hyena boy was short at only 5'8" with soft and round features, this Hyena woman was a proper, robust she-beast, much like all other females in this society. She stood more than twice his height at a whopping twelve feet tall! Unlike his feet that were dainty with small pink claws, hers were large and with claws that looked like they could gash through iron. Her legs were thick and robust with obvious muscle, his hips were plump, her abs well-built and defined. A pair of large breasts covered in tan fur with black, pierced nipples were flanked by muscular arms that looked like they could crush walnuts with a simple flex. Long black hair half covered her face where was revealed a grinning maw containing sharp canines. Her thick, dark brown muzzle led up to her eyes surrounded by tan fur while her bright red pupils were eyeing the Hyena boy up and down, making him shiver and almost gulp Brandy's spunk on the spot! Speaking of which... "Mmhmfn~!" Maou let out a muffled mumble while pointing to his full mouth. It was an effort to try and potentially deter the large Hyena from doing what she was obviously planning to do with him. As was said before, this would sometimes work if the other party smelled his owner's seed on his breath, however it did fail sometimes, especially in cases like now where the other party was very clearly drunk. "Urp. Phew, alright alright, let's go somewhere more comfortable."

The large Hyena, Anna, clearly misinterpreted Maou's meaning, or it was more likely that she simply didn't care. The Hyena boy already knew things were going south as the larger Hyena reached down towards him. She grabbed him behind the neck and effortlessly picked him up, Maou hadn't been held in this way since he was but a cub. The Hyena boy already knew that struggling was pointless and even more dangerous when dealing with a drunk female, he allowed Anna to throw him over her robust shoulders, which again caused him to struggle to hold Brandy's load in his mouth as just that almost knocked the wind out of him. With Maou almost choking on jizz, his body wobbled as the larger Hyena carried him away to someplace unknown. *** "Oh we can have some fun here~♪" "Mmff~!" Of all the places, Anna brought him to a nearby "playground". This wasn't a playground in the conventional sense where actual children played, but rather a place where dom's gathered and brought their males to get some exercise so that they can stay healthy and energetic for all the rough treatment they usually faced. While unconventional though, the equipment was scaled up versions of what actual children played with. It was one of the many ways that females degraded their males by treating them like common playthings, pets and helpless twerps. Together with gym equipment, there were even things like monkey bars, sea-saws and whirl spinners. There was even a swing set large enough to fit the average female, which is exactly where Anna brought Maou to. The large Hyena dragged the smaller Hyena off her shoulder like a limp sack before casually swinging him by his legs. The G-force made Maou queasy before a sudden impact on the back of his head caused some sticky splooge to squirt out of his pursed lips! "Gnf! Gnnn~"

As he groaned while opening his eyes, Maou found his head resting on the seat of a swing, Anna was still holding him by the feet as he looked up to see her red eyes practically glowing with the bright moon acting like a backdrop among the darkness of night. With a grin, the larger Hyena spun around, swinging one massive leg over Maou's small body so that her ass was brough right over his head. "Eat my ass, twerp." With that, she spread her large ass cheeks apart. Her butt was massive in proportion with the rest of her frame, enough to completely Bury Maou's whole upper body! Hanging between her legs was her large furry balls, higher up inside her deep crack was her large, dark brown butthole, winking at him and getting closer as she gradually lowered her ass towards Maou's face! The Hyena boy knew that he had no choice but to follow her commands, if he wanted to make it out in one piece or even at all. At this point, he already knew there was no way he could keep Brandy's cum in his mouth until he managed to hopefully satisfy this large Hyena, therefore, instead of risking getting cum on the drunk She-beast's butt, he decided to swallow, even if he knew he would be punished later. He'd have to survive for later to come though. With her ass now speeding towards him, Maou swallowed in one gulp, the large mass of bitter semen making his throat bulge as he downed it in one go. It was gooey, sticky and slimy, it felt unpleasant no matter how much he was made to swallow on a regular basis. Finally he could open his mouth, and as he opened it wide for the stench of semen to flood out of his mouth, PLOP~ "GNF~!" "Oh yeah, that's a nice face you got there."

Without mercy, Anna dropped her whole weight down on the Hyena boy! Maou's face became buried in darkness in an instant, then came the stuffy feeling as the large mass of warm, furry ass meat literally smothered him, finally, there was the intense pressure on his little head as a beast more than twice his size sat on him fully! The solid iron chains of the swing rattled while the tough nylon seat of the swing creaked, the flexible material tightly hugging Anna's massive ass as she settled fully on the smaller Hyena's face. "MNFFN! MMNPH~!" Maou's legs kicked about as he endured the intense smothering, the heat of her butt was already warming up his face while her rich Hyena musk was already flooding his airways. The intense weight as she bore down on him made him feel like his head would be squashed. Thankfully, males like him were built sturdy for the specific purpose of enduring the rough and careless treatment of females, however he was still made to panic as he was literally trapped below the large woman he'd never met before without being able to move an inch! Plap! "GF?!" "Eat!" Maou couldn't expect the large Hyena to be gentler just because she was drunk, in fact, he should be thankful that she wasn't even more aggressive than what he was already used to. The Hyena boy let out a muffled yelp as she suddenly slapped his furry balls, causing his lower stomach to tense as she impatiently urged him to feast on her butt. Thankfully, she had sat in such a way that Maou's face was smothered to her hot and stuffy butthole, with his mouth open and virtually unable to close, all the Hyena boy had to do was stick his tongue out. Funnily enough, Maou just happened to be an expert ass-eater with his natural extra-long, fifteen inch tongue that had ball piercings running up its length. He endured the throbbing in his balls as he stuck his tongue against Anna's butthole.

SLCK~ "Ooh, that's more lige it!" The larger Hyena felt the bumpy piercings stimulating her wrinkled pucker as the male's warm, wet tongue began tracking and lapping at her dark rosebud. Maou's tastebuds became beholden to the taste that complimented the Hyena's heavy butt musk that seemed ricker the more he huffed at it. With his face literally trapped below her mountainous ass, it was all he could smell and now it was all he could taste as he ran his long pierced tongue against her warm wrinkles. Her pucker felt like it was even bigger than his gaping mouth, the warm naked wrinkles filling the inside of his spread lips as he licked, lapped and even sucked on her butthole. Chlklkn~ "Phnf-" SLCK~ Again, the sound of rattling chains barely made it through to Maou's ears through all the thick, springy butt flesh. What was immediately transmitted though, was the jerking and swaying feeling and the feeling of his feet suddenly dragging along the rough ground! The Hyena boy quickly kicked his feet up off the ground and desperately latched his claws onto the nearest thing he could find for support, the inside of Anna's thighs near her knees. His claws gripped onto the thick pelt of her legs, however the larger Hyena didn't seem bothered as though she didn't feel a thing, she simply resumed the swinging that she started. The swing she chose was the lowest to the ground, a big girl like her needed to have her legs sticking out all the way as she went back and forth. This unfortunately meant that even more of her weight was now on Maou's face, causing the pressure to be more intense as the smaller Hyena desperately licked her ass. He didn't dare to grip at her pelt any harder with his foot claws, this left him in an awkward pose with his legs almost trembling as he struggled to maintain his grip. Chlklkn~

"Mnf~!" "Mn!" SLCK~ SLCK~ "Haha, this is pretty fun." What really didn't help was the intense back and forth swaying motions as Anna swung freely like she was having fun. Not only were the G-forces affecting him as he remained smothered under her ass, but his body that was more free hanging had to constantly contend as he held his grip. The only saving grace was that his core was strong enough to serve as Brandy's male, though he certainly felt the burn. Plap! "GF?!" "Come on, get in there!" An even greater burn attacked his belly as Anna suddenly "lightly tapped" his balls again, demanding he eat her ass deeper! The Hyena boy almost lost his grip then and there but miraculously held on! As he let out a muffled groan deep in her musky crack, Maou started begrudgingly inserting his tongue into her tight anal ring. SQUELCH~ "Oooooh fuck, that's the spot right there~♥" Even Anna felt a shiver go up her large spine as Maou's long tongue gradually sent multiple hard ball piercings up her butt. For every piercing that entered her hole, her pucker would momentarily tighten and bit his tongue, forcing him to have to shove harder. His tongue lubricated by his saliva stained in her musk squirmed deeper one piercing at a time, until finally his tongue was all the way, fifteen inches into her massive ass! SHLCK~ CHK~

The taste of canine butt was familiar to him with Brandy as a master, however Anna's Hyena butt had an even stronger taste that melted on his long series of tastebuds as he squirmed his tongue inside her hot hole with practiced motions. The whole reason he even had piercings on his tongue was mostly Brandy's doing as his canine master just loved having her ass eaten. The sentiment seemed mutual to Anna's whose ass cheeks trembled while hugging his face as he ate deep into her large butt. SQUELCH~ "Nnggf~" Chlklkn~ The Hyena moaned as she kept swinging, Maou's tongue working all her pleasure spots as her butthole regularly clamped while trying to suck his tongue in even deeper. Now the Hyena had to deal with not only the jerking forces of her swinging and the constant struggle to maintain his grip on her legs, but also the feeling of pressure on his head becoming erratic. As he tongue-fucked her hole, Anna's ass began regularly tensing and relaxing, it felt like his face was constantly in danger of being flattened sideways as her thick, plump glutes kept squeezing on his face and head with great force. Even if he were to scream, there was no one around to hear whatever little sound would make it out of the deep confines of her massive butt. The Hyena boy did his best to work with what he had while enduring all the elements making his experience more uncomfortable than it needed to be. The inside of her butt became warmer as he arousal increased, it was in complete contrast to the cool outside environment as she kept vigorously swinging in the night wind, her large, heavy frame causing the chains of the swing to constantly clang and rattle. Even hotter was her insides where his tongue was buried. Maou properly squirmed his trapped tongue in ways that all the piercings attacked the She-beast's pleasure spots that he was more familiar with after eating Brandy's ass so often. He would often pull his tongue out such that a couple piercings pried her tight hole open before shoving back in, providing stimulation even to the larger Hyena's anal ring that held his tongue captive.

For minutes on end, Brandy swing on the swing while Maou ate ass while hanging on for dear life. The taste of her butt was thoroughly engrained while her musk filled his insides, acting on his sinuses and filling his lungs as he breathed within the tight and heavy smother of her fat ass. The smaller Hyena tried to prove his worth as best he could by eating the larger She-beast's ass spotless until she finally seemed to get bored of swinging. BFF~! "UGHNF~!" After who knows how long, Anna dug suddenly her feet into the ground! The swinging abruptly stopped which caused Maou's whole body to jerk. Thankfully his head was held in place by her heavy butt, though the sudden stop did cause all that force to travel up her thick legs which not only knocked Maou's barely held on feet off at last but also caused her ass to tense and squeeze hard on his small head! "You make a good ass-eater, twerp." Chlklkn~ With a sight, Anna finally got up from the swing. Left behind on the Nylon seat was a recovering indent of her large and powerful asscheeks, however there was no Hyena boy's head to be seen. Now on her feet, the She-beast reached down behind her, shoving her hand into her fat furry butt mounds and gripped Maou's hot pink hair. FSWRRP~ SCHLRP-P-P-P-P~ "Ngk~"

She literally yanked his head out of her deep crack, a loud suction noise was made as his head and face finally came out of her butt, together with his tongue that had been up her butthole the entire time. The She-beast grunted as the bead-like piercings popped out of her hole rapidly one after the other, leaving her butthole twitching when the long tongue finally receded with a long string of saliva. "Huuuuu~! Koff kak!" The Hyena boy coughed as his lungs finally filled with a semblance of fresh air. His tongue stuck out of his mouth, showing the full length with all piercings still present as the taste of Hyena butt continued to soak his tastebuds, still warm with the heat of Anna's insides. His facial fur was messed up from the rough movements and heavy smothering while his face radiated heavily with the larger Hyena's butt musk that was worked into ever fur follicle of his face. Even as he inhaled the cool and refreshing night winds at last his nose was still ripe with her musk. Despite such a harrowing experience though, between the Hyena's boy's legs hung his cock that had come out of its sheath fully erect. The black canine dick was of customary size for a male like him, and so was the obvious arousal in reaction to being treated in such a demeaning way. Such a thing was worked into his very DNA after many generations of male subservience to society's females. "Ever see one of these before?" GOKUNGK~ However, when compared to that of a female, Maou's little pecker didn't even begin to come close, especially not the thing that Anna showed to him with a large grin on her face! "Wha-?!" Anna's cock had also emerged from its sheath in the aftermath of her ass being eaten like fine dining. Even though they were the same species, the larger Hyena's dick was nothing like his, whether it be in size OR shape! The big dark brown

thing casting a moonlit shadow on Maou's frightened face was a legitimate horsecock. At an astounding seven feet in length, Anna's throbbing prick was trunk-like in shape, a thick cylinder up engorged, pulsating cock meat complete with a thick, bulbous flare at the tip and pulsating veins running all the way down passed the bulking rib in the centre of the swollen shaft! Maou knelt with his butt munching mouth gaping as the heat of her giant cock bathed his face! "Ugh, wait, I gotta piss." "Huh?! Wait, what are you-?!" The She-beast announced before suddenly picking the Hyena boy up again. He didn't even get to entertain the thought of escaping while she supposedly took a leak as she simply took him with her for some reason. Maou's struggles prove useless before and they were similarly useless now, Anna carried him all the way towards the brick and mortar washroom of the play area. Just as he was thinking that she was hopefully going to use the toilet inside, the Hyena boy found himself being roughly shoved against the outside wall of the washroom! "Agh~!" SHIK-CRKL~! "Ghoof~!" Then before he could fall forward, a large foot paw stepped on his chest such that his back was trapped against the wall. Her large toe claws dug into the concrete beside his head, Maou shivered and looked up at Anna only to see her holding her meaty cock and pointing it right at him! "Hold still, piss mop." She said as she closed her eyes and leaned her head back. Knowing what was coming, Maou hurriedly closed his eyes, and not a moment too soon!

"Hugk-!" A thick gush of steaming hot urine blasted the Hyena boy square in the face! The force of the hot stream was strong enough to momentarily blow open his lips, causing a good deal of the rancid fluid to get into his mouth! Maou hurriedly turned his face to the side as Anna's pee washed over him, the taste in his mouth was already making him retch! "Oh fuck, that feels good~" The large She-beast sighed in relief as she released her full bladder, she held her big, heavy horsecock in her hand as she felt the hot fluid rushing out through her thick piss pipe. All that beer she drank earlier now came out in a deluge of stinking beer piss, it soaked her own foot as she held the twerp in place against the wall but she cared not as she kept letting it out onto him. Maou became soaked in but a moment, his fur wet with the yellow swill as he fought to try not to get it into any more of his facial orifices, or his formerly fluffy ears. In was like a hot shower from a firehose that he couldn't escape from, there was so much that he feared he would drown if he couldn't hold his breath for long periods. The smell was intense, a potent stench of Hyena urine burned his sensitive nose as it kept pouring out at him long after his fur was soaked through. It naturally soaked the wall he was being held again, a large puddle formed where thick steam ascended as piss washed off his body and collected at his feet. Being literally pinned to the wall with a pair of large claws digging into the concrete, the Hyena boy could only stand there and take the intense shower will the little movement room he was afforded. "Uuuggh~"

Finally, after almost a minute, the heavy stream stopped. Maou kept his eyes closed as pints of smelly yellow swill trickled out of his fur to join the large puddle at his feet. His entire body was warm from the heated shower, the smell on his body now was so intense that he doubted a single shower could wash it out complete, especially as this was alpha shemale hyena piss that he was dealing with. But at least it was finally over, or so he assumed. For Anna did in fact take her foot off his chest, crumbs of concrete falling from the soaked wall as she did. Just as the Hyena boy was about to bask in freedom though, "Guwgh?!" "What? You're too good to drink my piss or something?" She asked aggressively while still grasping her long schlong! Maou was once more pinned to the hard wall hot from piss, except this time his head as well was jammed to the wall as Anna used two menacing toe claws to pry his small mouth open! "Ack-GRGRGRLGKL-GHRK~!" "How does that taste, bitch?" The stream that had ended once more returned. Though there was less force behind it, it was certainly enough for plenty of hot piss to be forced right down his throat as she fired right into his pried open muzzle! "Let's get that cum stink out your mouth." It turned out that Anna had smelt Brandy's nut on his breath after all, except rather than respect the other Canine's properly, she'd decided to erase her mark in such a crude way! Maou gargled and choked as piss flooded his maw, some pouring

back out of his mouth a frothy mess while the rest went right down his throat without him having to swallow. The taste was as terrible as the smell, his tongue broiled in the frothy hot swill as his throat and belly warmed up. His gullet flexed like clockwork just from the force of the remaining stream being launched from Anna's bladder. In no time at all, Maou had swallowed enough piss that the frothy pool in his stomach caused his belly to swell to the size of a family ham! "Phew~!" "Hk! Koff koff- - ugh!" Only then did Anna finally run dry, for real this time. The larger Hyena shook her mighty cock to get the remaining piss out of her pip, which was splashed onto the head of the coughing Hyena boy that couldn't possibly be any more soaked. Maou was thoroughly waterlogged in steaming urine, the stench intense in his twitching nostrils while the taste was as strong in his mouth as Brandy's nut from earlier. Now inside of his swollen belly was more than a gallon of the frothy stuff, mixed with the remnant cum from his Mistress. "That's more like it." "Huk, w-wai-!"!" Anna for one seemed to be satisfied that he was now brimming with the stench of her marking from soaked head to soaked toe, so much so that she immediately picked him up again without even giving him a moment to rest or recuperate! Maou let out a yelp that quickly turned into a loud, wet burp that stunk of piss and semen as he was snatched up. Anna grabbed him by the ankles again, this time lifting him way higher such that his exposed crotch with his still rigid member was up to her head. There he hung upside down, the view above lit up by the glowing moon while the thing he looked at when staring downwards was the swollen flare of a massive dark horsecock!

"Don't let me have to force your mouth open again." "Hiiik~!" This aggressive snarl frightened a hiccup out of the smaller Hyena's piss steaming mouth as Anna began lowering him again without waiting for a second response. The frightened Hyena boy quickly opened his mouth as the head of her cock grew near, and soon his face contacted the engorged bulb. SHLCK~ "Gmf~!" There was simply no way that the flare that was bigger than his own head would fit inside his small mouth. At least not without some help. "Uf?!" "Be quicker~!" This help came in the form of Anna grabbing his head with her thick fingers as pulling down! "GRMF!" SQUELCH~ SLCK~ A loud squelching noise emanated from Anna's hand as Maou's mouth was forced open impossibly wide with the large flare being forced into his mouth. "GRK~!" Quickly came the sound of his hoarse gagging as his throat was pried open by the swollen hot tip. The Hyena boy retched and gagged harshly, his lower body

jerking while unable to escape the larger Hyena's grip. As though she were blind to his reactions, Anna simply kept pulling downwards, until finally, "GRRRKKGHGK!" SQUEEEEELCH~ "Ungf! See? I know that was a whore's mouth." As though surpassing some threshold, a loud, drawn out squelch and an equally as loud and drawn out retch was heard as Anna rapidly pulled the smaller Hyena all the way down until her hand gripping his head stopped at the thick rib in the centre of her prick! At that moment, Maou's tail shivered as hot piss came gushing out of his little black butthole, the rancid swill having been displaced by the large mass that was Anna's prick having successfully stuffed him orally! A sultry sigh escaped the She-beast's lips as she took her hand away, revealing the state of the impaled Hyena in full. GOKUNGK~ SHCHK~ "GLK! GRGHK!" Maou made retching and choking noises as he hung on the upper half of Anna's cock, it was hard not to. His entire upper body was bloated in a way that easily conveyed the shape of the girthy horsecock submerged inside him through his gaping mouth. Even with the piss having been pushed out the other end, his lower belly was still bloated as the thick flare took its place inside of him. Her cock was packed so tightly inside him that his body made squelching sounds as the large mass of engorged meat pulsated while he hung like a condom attached on the end. Her feral cock meat was powerful enough that if could hold him up perfectly even if she weren't grasping his ankles. Even as her prick was so

deep inside of him as to almost come out his other end, Maou's upper body had only managed to consume half the She-beast's meaty monster! "ULKHLK!" SHLCK~ That however seemed to be enough for Anna. Maou felt a strong pull from her hand tightly grasping his ankles, and in that way his body was pulled upwards, causing Ann's prick to gradually come out of him as he retched violently. One could see the full shape of the engorged rod through his bulging neck as it was dragged out, the meaty colossus properly rubbed against the walls of his throat and his entire insides for that matter as it was tightly extracted. From his belly go up, his frame became less bloated as Anna's cock left him, and as soon as the flare was squeezed out of his throat and entered his mouth. "GRRRGHLK!" SQUEEELCH~ A loud squelch once again filled the surroundings marked with the stench off piss. Naturally, Anna shoved down this time, Maou felt the great force act on his ankles that sent the rest of his body in the direction gravity, the opposite force coming from Anna's cock that slid right back up into him while bloating his insides open once more. He again felt the thick, bulbous flare effortlessly wrench his tight gullet open and lead the rest of the trunk of pulsating cock meat into his body. He gagged and retch harshly as the flare quickly found its former position, so deep inside him as to almost come out his butt right before the whole thing throbbed and squirt hot, slimy precum into his insides! "GLK!" "KLK!" SQUELCH~ FRRPP-P~ SCHLRCH~ SLRRP-P~ SQUELCH~ It wasn't clear whether the large Hyena was still drunk or not, however she clearly showed no interest in foreplay or suspense. After one lengthy pump, she began working Maou up and down on her rigid, upstanding rod like he was a common sex toy, though to her and any other female like her, he pretty much was.

"GURK!" SQUELCH~ FRRRP-P-P~ SLRRP-P~ FRRP~ "Fuck, that feels so good~" Hence why she stood tall with one hand on her hip and the other grasping the smaller Hyena's ankles, her head leaned back as she grunted and moaned while working him like a plunger on her prick. The loud sound of her fat horsecock squelching through his insides was accompanied by his harsh gagging as his mouth, throat, and belly were used as a sex-sleeve to pleasure herself. The smaller ones like Maou always provided the best feeling, his tight, warm insides wrapping her prick like a glove, the excellent suction of his throat. There was even the remaining pee inside of him that marinated the flare of her dong in a warmer feel for an unexpected bonus. Anna found herself getting more and more into the act as she continued to fuck his face. "URGHK!" "GUK!" SQUELCH~ FRRPP-P~ SCHLRCH~ SLRRP-P~ "GRLK!" SQUELCH~ SLRRP-P~ Maou on the other hand was having a really rough time. Even with all the years he's been used as a cocksleeve by his mistress at home, he would still find it impossible not to gag on Brandy's big canine cock. And Anna's was even larger, it thoroughly stretch his throat and the rest of his insides as she pumped him up and down like a living object. Lubricated by his saliva and the precum she kept adding to the pee inside of him, the giant meat rod was like a plump sausage squeezing in and out of the little finger of a rubber glove. Tears leaked from his squinted eyes as he choked on her engorged meat, feeling it stirring up his insides from his stretched lips all the way down to his belly. These tears dripped off his bloated face and onto the portulent shaft where already there was ample amounts of his saliva mixed with her precum oozing down past the rib where his face regularly stopped. In his teary vision, he could see her fat balls, the massive globes packed with potent seed that he was sure would be no less virile than what Brandy constantly fed him. The orbs got nearer and farther as Anna pumped him up and down, the sound of his own gagging and a loud squelching constantly in his ears as the larger Hyena orally ploughed his insides.

"GLK!" "KLK!" SQUELCH~ chk- FRRPP-P~ SCHLRCH~ chk- "GRLK!" SLRRP-P~ shchk- SQUELCH~ FRRRPPP~ shchkSLRRP-P~ "Nghf~♥" Anna's hand naturally pumped faster over time without her even trying. A few minutes into having his mouth reamed, Maou was starting to grow dizzy and disoriented from constantly being shoved up and down, faster and faster. His sore throat constantly convulsed and his belly lurched in the brief moments it wasn't filled with Anna's flare. Said flare spit up more and more hot precum into him as the larger Hyena's actions became more vigorous. Fluids were practically spraying from the Hyena boy's mouth at this point, a combination of the increased amount of precum together with his saliva being dragged out of his mouth as fast as his mouth and lips were dragged up and down the pulsating meat pole. The world was spinning, he could no longer tell if the sounds filling his ears were from his own mangled throat or the intense grunting from Anna who was going full speed ravage on his insides. The larger Hyena was clearly getting close, he swore he could see her fat balls beginning to tense, thought it was more likely that his vision was simply shaking too much. However, with her cock fitting so tightly inside him, he could more easily tell that the engorged horsecock was pulsating more intensely than usual. It soon reached a point where his vision became a complete blur, not because of the choking tears but rather become she was pumping him so fast on her prick that his mind couldn't keep up with what he was seeing! And this served as a precursor for the larger Hyena reaching a violent orgasm. HHRWWWWWWRR~ "GRP-?!" GOKUNGK~

A loud howl sounded out that completely woke up Maou's mind, the next thing he knew, his mouth was filled with the bitter/salty taste of hot sperm as Amna started ejaculating on the fly! Unlike Brandy who preferred to fully knot the smaller Hyena when firing her load, Anna simply kept pumping him on her prick as her balls contracted and she unleashed her colossal load! "KLK!" SCHLRCH~ chk- SLRRP-P~ shchk- "URGHK!" SQUELCH~ chk- FRRRP-P-P~ "Hrrff~! Huff-ngh~♥" GOKUNGK~ Creamy cock sauce sprayed from his thinly stretched lips and went flying all over the place as his mouth was roughly dragged up and down her erupting shaft. His stretched cheeks became further bloated, the hot, gooey nut completely flooded the inside of him mouth before being physically dragged out by the continued rough face banging. The majority of the thick semen however collected in his belly where was still being battered by the She-beast's thick flare. He felt it launching from her dickhole like an eruption of slimy magma, it gushed with enough force to make his belly wobble with each impact as it began to rapidly swell. The sheer pressure of her orgasm pushed excess amounts of her load right out of his mouth, making his face seem like the broken tip of a cream piper! "GRF-P-P~!" SQUEEEEELCH~ "Mmmnnnfff~♥" GOKUNGK~ Eventually, Maou was pulled all the way down until his jizz-leaking face once more contacted the rib of her cock. The She-beast finally held him there firmly as

she crouched over, her face scrunched in drunken pleasure as proceeded to empty the rest of her astounding load into the living cock sleeve. Her large ass cheeks clenched and her nuts contracted heavily as she came hard, her hips involuntarily jerked forward repeatedly, making her cock roughly scrub his insides that were rapidly flooded with sperm. As though he were an actual condom, Maou stuck on the end of her prick swelled and inflated as absurd amount of her hot, potent, virile seed poured into him. "UHK-!" The Hyena boy's eyes twitched as cum even began shooting out of his nostrils with a whole lot oozing out of his maw. The absolute majority of it went right into his belly though, the whole thing blowing up like a balloon, growing larger and wobbling from the impact of each thick spurt of spunk pummelling into him. The feeling of fullness and his insides being flooded was an all too familiar one, all he could do was try his best to take on the Beast's massive load as his legs twitched and trembled in her tight grasp. GOKUNGK~ "UNK~!" GOKUNGK~ "Phew, fuck~♪" Finally, after what felt like ages, the final hot, gooey spurt of thick, cloudy semen was buried into the smaller Hyena. His insanely bloated belly truly solidified his image as a used condom attached to the end of Anna's prick. All around, mixed in with the lingering smell of piss was now the added stench of semen. Cum was splattered all over the floor below where Maou was used as a living cock sleeve, some large globs and thick strings had even been launched so far as to splatter the wall where the Hyena boy had received his golden offering just now. It was like

the aftermath of an intense orgy, except it was created by a single large Hyena dom using the smaller Hyena she just picked up on the street. "GRLK~!" SCHLORP~ Even at this point, while basking in the post-nut bliss, Anna was unnecessarily rough. The She-beat roughly tugged on Maou's ankles, making the boy retch harshly as her fat cock was practically ripped out of his suckling gullet! At this point he really was no different from a used condom, one she casually took off the end of her cock as though about to throw it away. Her thick flare was extracted from deep inside Maou's bloated belly and popped right out of his sore throat and lips in one swift motion. The smaller Hyena hadn't even finished gagging by the time he was once more hanging down from her grip on his ankles! Thick cum leaked from his face and dripped in large, sticky globs all the way to the ground. It oozed from his nose like snot, the taste in his mouth was overwhelming while the stench of semen was more pungent than he'd experienced for the night so far. Anna held Maou up and observed him in the aftermath of her rutting. "Hehe, you look like a ball." She was of course referring mainly to his belly that was swollen and packed full of jizz to the point the once slender Hyena boy now looked like he was pregnant was a cow. Even more than a used condom, he looked more like a semi-deflated ball. Speaking of deflated, Anna's cock was anything but. Even after dumping such a massive load inside of the smaller creature, her big dark horsecock was still rigid and pulsating, covered in remnants of her own sperm from his insides. "Let's see if you bounce like one." "Urghk~" Of course, Maou didn't for a second expect that his hardships had ended, however he still let out a weak groan as he was once more carried away like a limp sack,

this time filled with jizz that left as sticky, slimy trail below him as he was carried upside down by his feet. Where the larger Hyena brough him was a familiar piece of equipment, a long metal pole standing tall with a sizable ball hanging down from a ripe attached to the top. Shk-! With wanton disregard for public property, Anna slashed her claw near the bottom of the rope and down fell the ball, hopelessly rolling away out of reach. By now, Maou could already fathom what her intentions were. Sure enough, the larger Hyena took the severed end of the long rope in one hand, held Maou's feet in the other and got to work. Her large figure cast a deep shadow opposite the moonlight that showed her robust arms moving about with a purpose. The feeling in Maou's ankles quickly changed from that of Anna's slightly rough hand to the chaffing of dry, taut rope. Seconds later, the larger Hyena finally stepped aside to reveal her handiwork. "Hehe, lookin good." Maou groaned as he felt the cold metal pole against his back. His view as he looked forward was still upside down, and it was ironically more stable as he hung from the taut rope connected to the top of the pole. Like that he'd become the replacement for the ball of the tetherball set, his round frame bloated with jizz acting as the perfect substitute as far as Anna was concerned. Maou could only imagine what she was going to do to him now. PLAP! "GFF-?!" He found out pretty soon as the side of his face was suddenly impacted! Thankfully, the impact was nowhere near as heavy as it would have been were it a fist that had struck him, instead, it had been like getting hit with the boneless leg of a ham. It was a fitting comparison to Anna's big horse dong that had smacked into him as the large Hyena swung her hips sideways! The impact still caused the bloated Maou to swing away to the side, and when he came back again,

PLOP! "GEK-!" "Kahahaha~♪" Anna twisted her broad hips in the other direction, causing her hot meat to smack the Hyena boy's face again as he was sent swinging with increased force. The She-beast cackled to herself in amusement, like a child that found a new toy to play with. PLOP! "GUHP-!" This time, she got him right in his swollen belly as he came back, Maou's eye went wide as his cheeks suddenly smelled, and out from his lips came a thick spurt of pungent semen. The impact caused ripples to continuously echo through the viscous mass in his belly. Maou found himself wobbling as he swung, already the intense motions together with all the cum inside his belly was making him feel queasy. PLOP! "Ughf-!" PLAP! "Hagh!" So she kept swinging her prick to smack him around like a ball, the tall metal pole wobbled as the Hyena heavy with semen was smacked this way and that. It was a truly weird feeling to be beaten by the big hard meaty monster, as it kept bludgeoning his bloated body, all the sticky cum left on the giant dong was worked into his fur, making it even more soiled when it already reeked of the She-beast's piss. "UPFT!" PWCH~!

A direct thrusting impact to the front of his face almost forced Maou's mouth open again! Luckily the Hyena managed to keep his mouth shut and instead he flew backwards. As the feeling of the shape of the hot, swollen flare lingered on his face, he went away and around, coming back on the other side of the pole. There he was immediately met with her flare again as she twisted to the side. The impact of his face against her hot flare sent ripples through the trunk of cock flesh that then rebounded and caused him to fly back again, this time with more slimy precum added to the jizz already coating his muzzle. Back and forth she shoved him away at the face with the end of her pulsating dick, the pole wobbled as he was continuously knocked away from one side to the other, the feeling as her bulbous flare was thoroughly remembered by his face. PLOP! "Ughf-!" PLAP! "Hagh!" PLOP! PLAP! "Hag-!" "Hehe, bounce bitch, bounce~!" Eventually, she was literally juggling him on her cock. Cum constantly spurt from Maou's mouth as his bloated belly being repeatedly struck caused him to bounce up and down. Anna cackled as she stood in place, swinging her doughy hips back and forth while flexing her crotch muscles such that her giant horse cock swung up and down. Each upward motion was accompanied by a crisp smacking noise as the impact sent the smaller Hyena upwards in the air, just enough so that he received another smack when he came back down. It was like she was a footballer juggling a ball, using her giant third leg. If Maou was struggling to hold in her cum before, now it was almost impossible as each smack forced some of the sticky splooge out of his bloated belly. There was even slimy jizz oozing out of his tight tailhole. The bitter taste of Anna's still warm sperm filled his mouth as he practically came from his maw, shooting spurt after thick spurt that bulged his throat before squirting from his lips. "That was fun, wasn't it?"

"Uuggh~" By the time Anna was done playing, there was more cum splattered all over the area around the tether pole than what was in the Hyena boy's swollen belly. Maou hung there from the rope, gently swaying as he coughed up some of the gooey jizz still stuck in his throat. His whole body still felt a bit sore with the lingering feeling of Anna's meaty cock imprinted in his soft, plump frame. He was gradually overcoming his dizziness from being so aggressively knocked about like a fluid filled ball. SSKKKRRRRRRKK~! "?!" Suddenly, a sound filled the fluffy ears of the disoriented Hyena boy, the sound of creaking metal. Before he knew what was what, Maou found himself getting lower and lower as the sound of creaking and screaming metal grew louder. It was already proven that the larger Hyena showed no regard for public property, now it was even more obvious as she struggled to use the immense strength in her large frame to literally bend the metal pole sideways! Anna grunted out loud while the metal screamed, the top of the pole angled downward as the tied up Maou got lower to the ground. Finally, there was a deep enough bend in the tall pole that the top section was almost parallel to the ground! Now Maou's head was hovering just off the ground, the living cum ball had no idea what was going on even as Anna soon grabbed him up again. Instead of freeing him from the rope at last, the larger Hyena did the opposite, she did untie his feet, but only momentarily so that she could position them towards his front such that his flexible legs were bent all the way with his knees to his chest and his feet sticking out past his head! She then ran the rope under his knee, over his back and under the other knee. Finally, she tied the end of the rope together at his hands that were positioned behind his back like he was being arrested. The result was an amazing work of improvisation that made one wonder if the large She-beast was still drunk or not! Maou now hung there with his upper body balanced with his lower body such that he hung almost perfectly horizontally from the single point where the knot of the rope was tying his hands behind his

back and simultaneously connecting to the top of the bent pole. His still somewhat bloated belly hung between his legs that were spread to hug his sides, and facing downward from his crotch was his unsheathed dick that was still as hard and throbbing as when this whole ordeal had started! He was like a pig tied up to roast over a fire, there was only one reason that the horny Hyena had put him in such a position! PLOP! "Agh!" Sure enough, Maou soon felt an impact on his butt that sent him flying forwards! His tight tailhole quivered from the feeling of the bulbous tip of her flare as he flew, he made a wide arc upwards before eventually stopping and having gravity pull him back down again. The cum in his belly was almost forced out his throat again from the inertia as he came back just as speedily. And naturally there was an even greater impact as Anna rammed forward while aiming the flare of her cock right between his plump butt cheeks as soon as he came back! The force of the impact rippled through Maou and caused him to groan while growing dizzy again, he was once more sent flying forwards and up, cum sloshing around in his swollen belly as he came back again. PLOP! "Ungh!" PLOP! "Guh!" It was like a joyride from horny hell, the Hyena boy grew nauseous as the impact of Anna's prick repeatedly slamming into his ass rattled his brain. She kept doing it over and over, the sound of smacking rhythmically echoing in the silent night as she grunted and he fought the urge to barf up her jizz. Each time her prick slammed into his ass, more and more of her hot, slimy precum smeared the area inside his crack, and particularly his tight little pucker that had been vehemently resisting her dick the whole time. It kept smearing and layering as he was repeatedly smacked forward until eventually, "Ugughk?!" SHCHWK~ "Ugh! There we go~!"

A loud squelching sound was made as all the slippery precum finally led to the She-beast's schlong roughly penetrating his butthole! Maou's toes besides his face curled as he grit his teeth and groaned, his ass was an even tighter fit than his mouth had been, even just having the thick flare barely squeeze into his forcefully pried open ass was already making his butt feel more sore than he was used to! His tight black pucker was gaped to the limit, his hole tightly clutching the part behind Anna's flare such that the She-beast groaned as he squeezed her girthy meat. POP! "Ngh!" SHCHWSuddenly, Anna jerked forward powerfully and came to an abrupt stop, this caused he thick flare to loudly pop out of Maou's ass and the Hyena boy was sent forward again! As his butthole closed, he made an arc that was even greater to the point he almost went all the way over the bent pole. The speed with which he came back down was even greater than before, and coupled with the increased speed and force with which Anna thrust forward to meet him, "Ungugh!" SHCH-SQUEEEEELCH~ "Oooooohh~♥" This time, her cock entered his breached butthole with a loud squelch until his tight pucker ended up at the rib in the centre of her cock! Remnant cum gushed out of Maou's mouth as the massive intrusion of meat bloated his whole upper body from his gaped open butthole all the way to the base of his neck! It was a similar situation to when he'd had his mouth fuck, except he was now packed from the other end.

Finally his used and abused self could no longer handle the stimulation, the Hyena boy's cock jerked as he fired his load on the spot. His cock seemed to throb and spit long thin ropes of jizz at the same time that Anna's far superior cock pulsated inside of him and caused a wet squelching sound to echo from his bloated insides. "Guh!" "Hugh!" FRRRP- SHCHK~ FRRP- SHCHK~ FRRP- SHCHK~ FRRP- SHCHK~ FRRP-PThe She-beast couldn't even wait for him to finish cumming, as his balls tensed in release, she quickly began moving to fuck his blown open butt. The sounds it made as her prick tightly squelched through his insides were no different from when she was fucking his other end just a while ago. If there was a different, it was in the amount of stimulation felt by Maou as his prostate was under threat of being ground to bits. Maou's fat ass was one of his most breedable features, it was certainly his mistress' favourite hole to plough, the sensitivity of his hole trained through many years of being rutted and knotted by Brandy was on full display as his tied of legs jerked with each thrust. "Hugh!" "Ungh!" SCHLORP~ FRRP- SCHLORP~ FRRP-P- SCHLORP~ "Guh!" FRRPP-P- "Fuck, you're so tight~!" Anna was definitely one to appreciate the feel of a tight, breedable ass, the large Hyena grunted as she grabbed onto the bent pole above Maou's jerking body. Her foot claws dug into the ground and rooted her in place as she thrust back and forth, relying on pure inertia and the lubrication of her own precum, as well as the slimy cum inside Maou's body, to make her cock slide in and out of his ass. Her fat balls seemed to have shrunk not a bit after blowing such a colossal load, the heavy gonads began slapping her own thick, pulsating shaft as she rammed half her massive cock up the tiny living fuck sleeve with more force and roughness with each progressive thrust. Maou certainly felt every bit of her force pounding through him as his body jerked harshly with the motion of her powerful hips. The smaller Hyena

constantly felt like he was having the wind knocked out of him as her fuckstick ploughed through his tiny insides. What was actually knocked out of him was Anna's cum that gushed up his throat and squirt from his mouth. The taste refused to leave his mouth as it was constantly washed by the barfed up jizz, it kept shooting from his mouth to the point that his belly eventually shrunk until the clear outline of Anna's massive, bulbous flare could be seen rapidly squirming through him. "GUH!" "GUH!" SHCHK~ SCHLORP~ SHCHK~ SCHLORP~ "HGUF!" SHCHK~ SCHLORP~ SHCHK~ At some point, all of a sudden the larger Hyena started aggressively ramming her hips forward in gut mangling half strokes! Before her cock even retreated all the way, Maou felt it slamming back in to the point that it felt like the thick flare was knocking at the entrance of his throat! This was certainly no illusion as Anna's cock was no going even deeper into his body with each thrust, it was obvious as his sore pucker soon welcomed the thick ring in the middle of her prick! The meaty ring entered and exited his behind with each thrust, easily increasing the sore feeling in his ass as his grunting, choked voice was forced out the other end. Maou became ever more weary as his throat began losing the battle against Anna's invasive flare, the Hyena boy tried to keep himself in check however at this point the harsh knocking from inside his body was rattling his brain and messing up his mind! The sounds coming from his mouth became more and more desperate and choked, the aggressive squelching echoed out his gaping maw like a speaker as Anna gripped the pole hard enough for the metal to creak! Finally, the larger Hyena backed up almost all the way out of his ass with a loud squelch. Maou felt air rushing into his mouth from the suction until his hole was barely hanging onto the She-beast's thick flare! "Hrgh~!" - SHCHK SQUEEEEEELCH~ "Agghk~!"

Following that, Anna suddenly rammed forward with all she had! A loud squelch emanated from Maou's body that remained almost stationary from the inertia. The air that had rushed into his mouth blew right back out even faster as though being chased by something, that something being the thing rapidly bloating Maou's body straight towards his head! And as soon as all the air was out of his mouth, "AK-!" SHLCK~ FRRPP-P~ Following right behind was the end of Anna's prick that emerged from his gaping maw like the head of a boa poking out of an ankle sock! "GHK!" SHCHK~ "Heh, now you're really a fuck sleeve." Maou retched harshly as his view of the moon in the horizon became blocked by the back of the Anna's thick flare. The dark meaty monster completely impaled his body all the way through, it's sheer pulsating girth causing his whole upper frame to warp cylindrically as it tunnelled into his ass and out through his mouth! Whether it was his gaping sore ass, his belly, his throat or mouth, all was stretched and held open the engorged mass that pulsated and throbbed against the inner walls of his body to create a wet squelching sound that was almost as loud as his retching. Even when he was knotted by Brandy, the Hyena boy had never felt so full, his body that was lighter than Anna's engorged mass of cock meat was completely controlled by the motions of the girthy fuck stick. The rope tying him to the pole wasn't even necessary as each time her cock jerked, his body swung up and down with it. "ULK! GRRRGHK!" SQUEEEEEEEELCH~ Maou gradually slid down Anna's shaft that was wet and slimy with a mixture of his and her fluids. The pulsating, dripping flare got farther away as her cock

simultaneously squelched deeper into his butt and exited his mouth. He felt the thick rib in the middle stirring up his insides even more as he violently retched while taking in the feeling if his stretched, sore butthole and the cock meat dragging along his tongue. Pretty soon he felt the warmth of the She-beast's wide crotch nearing his spread butt cheeks. Just as he was about to be rooted to the base of her shaft, PLAP! "GLRK-?!" SHCHLK-FRRPPP~ The larger Hyena suddenly rammed forward, smacking her pelvis against his ass and sending him sliding up the length of her prick! Maou barely had time to gag as her hot girth roughly shot through his ass and throat again, soon his face rammed into the back of her flare and stopped momentarily before, "ULGHK!" SQUEEELCH~ The Hyena boy's gagging continued as Anna jerked backward with perfect timing such that her thick flare pushed back against his gaping muzzle and sent her squelching down her length again! PLAP! "GUK!" PLAP! SQUELCH~ SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ "HRGHK!" PLOP! "GRNGH!" SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ The sounds made by Maou's body as Anna started roughly ploughing his impaled form greatly resemble that of a roughly used fuck sleeve, except that this one could gag. And gag he did as he had literal feet of pulsating, hot Hyena horsecock rushing through his throat every torturous second. Everything around him was a blur, the scenery receding and rushing past faster than his frazzled mind could keep up with as his body was roughly jostled on the length of the colossal prick. If he thought his ass felt sore before, now the feeling was in a different league as his tightly stretched hole speedily slid over most of the length of Anna's prick,

including the thickest, veiny base that his butt would swallow the split second before another well-timed thrust sent his pelvic-smacked ass right back up her length again! The thick flare blocked his face and controlled the distance he could go, the smaller Hyena was like an undersized onahole, being rapidly worked on the length of Anna's prick as she ploughed away. "Hrngh! Unghk~!" PLAP! "GHL!" PLAP! "GRK!" SHCHK~ SCHLORP~ SHCHK~ PLOP! "GHUK!" SCHLORP~ SHCHK~ SCHLORP~ SHCHK~ The larger Hyena was straight up gritting her teeth, blaring her sharp canines on her scrunched face as she gave it her all. Her large hips swung with feral vigour, containing enough power to hip-bump a male sized car off the edge of a cliff. Her tail was a brown blur as the harsh wagging combined with the speedy thrusting, Anna gripped the bent pole above the living fuck sleeve so hard that the metal started creaking again while the faintest indent of her gripping fingers was left in the cold hard shaft. Drunk or sober, this was the best fuck she'd ever had! Fluid went everywhere, whether it was the saliva and other lubricating fluids from Maou's body or the endless thick spurts of hot cock spittle that his tight frame rung out the end of Anna's flare. A rich, feral musk enveloped the surroundings as Anna's actions became even more heated and aggressive, one could hardly even hear the sounds of Maou's continued retching over the even louder sounds of rapid squelching and smacking. Added in was the sound of feral growling and grunting as the horny She-beast gradually lost control. This was a new level of rough use that even Maou had never experienced before, and that included all the encounters with other females that often had their way with him when he was out on errands. He felt the astounding Shape of Anna's monstrous prick with his entire impaled body, her taste had been worked so deep into his tongue that he would probably still be tasting her when Brandy fed him her cum later. That was assuming that he could eventually escape. So far the chances didn't seem too high.

PLAP! "GRHK!" PLAP! SQUELCH~ SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ "HGUF!" PLOP! SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ SCHLORP~ FRRPP-PPLOP~! "GURK!" "Huff~ huff~♥" The pleasure within both of them kept building, the rough treatment completely surpassed Maou's threshold and caused his messed up and disoriented mind to steer towards the edge until eventually, "UHK-!" The Hyena boy came for the second time when it became too much. His jizz flung literally everywhere as his body kept being juggled as he came, thin long ropes of masochistic cum shooting out of his little black pecker that wasn't even half as much as the rest of the fluid splattered on the ground. And as though not to be outdone by the orgasming Hyena boy, "Urrrrghhk~!" PLAP! GOKUNGK~ GOKUNGK~ A sound like a beating heart filled Maou's ears while reverberating through his stuffed insides. The smaller Hyena felt the large penile mass inside of him start pulsating heavily enough to expand and stretch him further before a loud howl from behind him almost caused him to go deaf! HHWWWWRRRHHRRRR~!! PLAP! GOKUNGK~

He actually felt the heavy bulge in her cum pipe dig into his butt, race up the length of his impaled body and then pry his mouth open further before a thick volley of cum began shooting out the thick flare in front his face! PLOP~! PLOP! -shchkHe was forced to watch as Anna prove to him what a real orgasm was like, one he would never be able to match up to. He felt the vibrations of semen rushing through her cock in heavy gushes as the smelly, potent goo erupted from her flare. It flew so far as to splatter a park tree literal meters away in front of him! With each eruption, her cock would not only swell inside of him but also jerk upwards, taking his impaled body with it as insanely thick spurts of hot sperm rushed out of Anna's heavy, contracting balls and straight through and out of her pulsating cannon. "KHLK~!" SHCHK~ SQUELCH~ All of a sudden, Maou felt her large toes on his ass as the She-beast stood on one wobbly leg and used the other to push his stationary form forwards! He was once more dragged up the length of her jerking, firing prick until his mouth met the back of her cum-spitting flare again. This time, with the force of Anna's leg behind him, the Hyena's boy's mouth forcefully stretched until the engorged meat bulb was sucked back into his gaping maw! "GRWK-!" Immediately, thick ropes of sperm erupted from his facial orifices, his eyes rolled up as spunk gushed out his maw and flared nostrils in unfathomable quantities.

Anna kept pushing him away while still cumming, causing her flare to sink deep enough down his throat that each heavy eruption of hot, smelly cum bulged his neck before he was forced to barf it up. Only then did she stop pushing and allow her orgasm to ride its course. "ULK-!" "GUR-!" "GRK-!" There the smaller Hyena was stuck like an attachment on the end of her prick that split her stream into three using his nose and mouth. His face was like a fountain constantly erupting with hot, salty/bitter hyena she-spunk. The pressure of her flare going off deep in his throat was so great as to cause a lot of the hot goo to rebound and go deeper down his oesophagus, where it collected in his belly. Said belly that was bloated with cock meat began to swell further with jizz again while the majority was passed out through his mouth and nose. Such was what the little Hyena endured as Anna's came fore even longer than last time. "Uuuuu~" By the time it was over, he was even more worse for wear than before. The amount of steamy jizz oozing from his facial orifices was enough to fill a large pot. Below where he was held up on the end of Anna's still rigid member was a newly formed puddle of smelly semen, there wasn't an area in the path of the larger Hyena's orgasm that wasn't covered in her hot cock cream. Maou's insides well resembled the scenery on the outside, his belly was once more bloated with virile sperm to the point that he seemed like naught but a used condom, or rather, a re-used condom. The Hyena boy groaned with a throat full of snotty spunk as he hung with his limbs tied up and his ass and most of his upper body still impaled. His butt and his jays were more sore than they had ever been, all his senses were taken up by

the stench and taste of semen and he felt stuffed in more ways than one. This had truly been an especially rough night out of all the ones he'd had the misfortune of experiencing. Unfortunately for the used and abused Hyena boy, the night was still young. SCHK-SCHLOOOORP-P-P~ "UGH~!" At last the larger Hyena took her spent cock out of his butt, leading him to groan and tense again as she yanked it out of his sore hole. Maou really wished that she could be a bit gentler at the very least, however there were clearly other problems as instead of letting him down from the pole, Anna instead spun him around 180 degrees! "Pucker up bitch." "GRRRGHK!" SQUEEEEELCH~ Before he knew what was what and before he could even say anything, the smaller Hyena's ability to speak was sealed with the thick flare that was shoved back into his cum-soaked maw and down his cum-soaked throat! Maou at least had enough energy to retch violently as her prick squelched deep into his insides, however his remaining energy was clearly nowhere close to Anna's who immediately began fucking his mouth again not even a minute after her second massive orgasm! PLOP! "GRK!" PLOP! PLOP! "GLK!" PLOP! -shchk- -shchk- -shchk- "GLK!" PLOP! PLOP~! -shchk- -shchkAs the cool breeze blew through the lonely play park in the dead of night, the heated scene surrounded by the stench of sex and semen once more resumes with the loud sounds of wet squelching, harsh gagging and rough and heavy plopping and ploughing echoing into the darkness.

*** KFKFFFFFF~ FFUUUUU~ "Ugh~" The scene was a mess, a complete and total mess that would even cause problems with the authorities if they were to witness the once clean park grounds splattered everywhere in sticky, cloudy ball juice and other sexual fluids! It was absolutely everywhere, coating the bases of multiple of the trees surrounding the play area while the greatest concentration was below where a large, cloudy off-white slime ball was hanging from a damaged and warped pole. "Come on~" The large slime ball, the bloated Hyena boy covered from head to toe in smelly, sticky cock snot, groaned as he worked his limbs through his binds. It was already daylight and Maou was trying his hardest to escape before people showed up to the scene. By the grace of the furry gods, Anna was fast asleep on a nearby spunksplattered bench, giving the Hyena boy an opportunity at last to free himself. Even Maou had lost count of how many consecutive rounds he'd been used by the She-beast, now that he could at least think straight, he took the opportunity to flee while he still could. "Uhf! Yes!" Success caused the small Hyena to exclaim in a hushed voice! Miraculously, all the slimy spunk covering his body was exactly what allowed him to eventually slip out of the loosely tied knots in the rope. Maou soon dropped onto his feet, almost falling over when weighted down by his spunk-filled belly and slipping on his spunk-soaked feet. He managed to get his footing though, and though exhausted, the Hyena boy slowly started bounding into a run towards the way home. He didn't dare to look back at the deeply snoozing larger Hyena, he only

hoped that the heavy stench of her piss and sperm on him would be enough to deter any other potential predators on the perilous journey back home. *** "You've got some nerve." The boiling rage expressed by his mistress when he returned safely was exactly what Maou expected. The golden furred Hound cared not for his safe return, she only cared about the fact that he not only returned without her ice cream, but even dared to come back covered from head to toe in the fluids of a different female! It was the greatest affront a male could display to his owner, letting another female have their way with him when he clearly belonged to her. Whether or not a tiny male could even resist a larger dominant female didn't matter in the slightest, it was naturally their fault for being taken advantage of, and in Maou's case it was no different. The Hyena boy didn't even dare to try and defend himself lest he only piss her off more, all Maou could do was prepare himself to endure the worst as the larger Canine confronted him in anger with her favourite toys with which she used to "punish" him whenever he stepped out of line, or when she felt like it. PLAP! "Guh!" PLAP! "Hguf!" SQUELCH~ SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ PLOP! "Ungh!" SCHLORP~ SQUELCH~ From morning until evening, the surroundings were ripe with the Hyena boy's begging for mercy, together with various other sounds that greatly resemble that of the struggles he endured just the night before. *** FFFFUUUUU~

Well this was a familiar scene, the sound of deep snoring filling his ears as he himself groaned in a bound state. The only saving grace was that the Hyena was now back in his mistress's room. All around was the stench of potent sex that was the aftermath of the daylong session of punishment Maou had to endure from his equally angry and perpetually horny mistress. His body was left in a similar state to when he'd escaped from Anna, brimming with the stench of sex and physical fluids soaked into his skin. The only major difference was that Brandy was still inside him as she slept peacefully having relieved all her anger and urges. "Ugh~" The whole thing about his ass being more sore than he was used to while being ploughed by the other Hyena was only because he'd momentarily forgotten what it was like being knotted by Brandy for long periods of time, such as now. As the golden Canine lay lazily on bed, he was sitting upright on her crotch, lightly groaning from the soreness in his butt where Brandy's massive knot was lodged inside. He was literally being held up by the Dog's rigid cock that remained throbbing inside his bloated frame as a form of twisted penance. Behind his back, his hands were once more tied, leaving only his feet free to move about if he so wished. However, Maou naturally didn't dare to try and pry himself free of his mistress's erection, lest an even worse punishment await him in the obvious aftermath. Brandy's Canine cock was a countless time's larger version of his own, more than enough to fill his upper body completely while he was knotted. He could even feel the slightly pointed tip near the base of his throat, casually leaking hot, slimy precum into him as it pulsated non-stop. "Mnnnn-mnnff~♪" "Ah-!" PLOFF! All of a sudden, the golden Canine moaned in her sleep before turning over to her side! Maou who was attached to her cock naturally went slamming into the mattress with her heavy prick. The Hyena groaned softly so as to not wake his mistress, but soon he felt her body shiver behind him.

"Ung-?!" That was when a great heat bubbled up at the base of his neck and quickly rushed up his throat! "Urp-!" Maou barely had time to grunt before his mouth erupted with steaming yellow fluid! The familiar taste Brandy's immediately soaked into his tastebuds as the heavy stream pouring out of his gaping maw quickly soaked the side of the bed. There, the rancid smell as well filled his nose as the bed area below his gushing face became hot and wet. "Mmnnnnn~♥" Brandy let out a relieved moan in her sleep while her male continued relieving her pee through his maw. The absurd amount literally washed the lingering jizz from his mouth while it ran over the side of the bed and splashed onto the once clean floor. It went on and one, there was almost as much piss as what Anna had accumulated from a night of drinking. By the time Brandy was finally done peeing, Maou's entire half of the bed was soaked through while a steaming puddle of the hot swill was beside the foot of the bed.

Even now the Hyena tried to be as quiet as he could as he coughed piss and remnant clumps of gooey spunk from his maw. There he was forced to lie in absolutely reeked, however he knew that the worst part would come in the morning when Brandy blamed him for wetting the bed, her unreasonable reasoning being that it had technically come out of his mouth. Following that, he would have to spend the morning cleaning up the mess before another day of brutal fucking. The Hyena already knew the schtick as this was far from the first time his mistress relieved herself while fully knotting him. The Hyena boy let out a long and defeated sigh that reeked of pee as he tried to get comfortable in the wet, hot side of the bed where the smell was most intense. It definitely wasn't the most comfortable sleeping position, however it would certainly have to do as he wasn't poised to go anywhere anytime soon. At least the fact that he hadn't slept in almost two days helped him to fall asleep a little bit easier. Like that, the bred and knotted Hyena dozed off while thinking about the next time he would have to go out. Hopefully he would be able to make it home in one piece the next time. END.
