"More? Honestly you are the oddest girl I know." Chuffed the dark-haired rabbit, scribbling something onto her work pad. "If you just disposed of them when finished, you'd be much happier, paying to have them fixed is a waist." Huffed the cold-eyed scientist while handing the bandit masked girl the prescription. Taking it the ring-tailed girl flashed a smile so bright even the cynical rabbit had to chuff in amusement. "Maybe, but I like the feel of this one best, so I don't mind. Sides you do the best additions, so what's it matter." Giggled the massive racoon girl as she rose to her feet, giving the leash in her free hand a gentle tug, as the red panda boy below gasped. The thick leather pulling just enough to be firm against his throat as he rose hurriedly to his feet to follow her out. Watching them go, the huge girl beside her waist high pet, Sin shook her head idly wondering about Libby's strange fascination with repairing her toys...and just where she had scene that fluffy red one before...it was... familiar for some reason. "That girl, oh well; Next!" she called, idly shifting in her chair a bit to let her thick legs spread apart. Her eyes dropping to the fat bulge squirming with one of her little bugs. "Well...good to know the stretching is holding up...mhmm and still aware enough to struggle...just. Perfect." cooed the woman reaching down to rub over the mailbox sized bulge in her pants. Taking a moment from her busy day to savor the tight little slut, perpetually gagging upon her fat cock, as his attempts to move only serviced her perfect shaft all the more. "Um...Ms. Sin." Called a soft voice, as the towering bunny turned, only to see. No one? Cocking an eyebrow up the rabbit was about to speak when a soft squeak of a voice drew her eyes down. "Down here ma'am." Came the same soft voice as the nearly twelve-foot giant of a bunny bent forwards to see a cute little grey and white mouse girl waving gently up at her, a visible blush on the girl's face. "Oh Mini its you...ughhh, I told you to let me know when your coming," breathed the woman adopting an uncommonly soft tone as she idly reached over the side of her chair to adjust the height...in this case unable to help but enjoy the soft groan as she felt the boy below her chair whimpering as it descended pressing him harder between it and the floor. "If you don't I might just bump into you, or worse someone could think you were a toy." Breathed Sin, leaning a bit closer, trying to appear less massive before the tiny mouse. "Well, yeah but, if you knew it was me you wouldn't answer me.." breathed the mouse girl as Sin paused, at that before dropping her head a bit.

"I suppose you have me there Mini, but we've been through this a dozen times. Your response to the growth formula was just not enough, and I haven't tested it thoroughly to be sure another dose won't be detrimental." Groaned the rabbit pushing to her feet gazing down at the girl no taller than her knee. The little mouse girl a sad example that even her science now and then ran into some trouble. "But you can grow toy's back, even shrink them so why!" began the brown eyed mouse her short hair seeming to rise a bit in annoyance as her small hands tightened into fists. Before. *STOMP* Sin's massive paw smashed into the floor a few inch's from the girl, hard enough to make her jump nearly a foot, as she gazed up shivering at the now very angry rabbit. "Toy's don't matter Mini, I've told you a hundred times, if they don't' shrink right, if they pop, if they are defective, I toss them, and that's that. Look at this!" she all but growled, reaching into her pants and yanking out her massive cock, the equine like poll flopping out as from the tip Sin yanked a bloated mess of what had once been a man his eyes rolled back his mouth dribbling with her pre, as he twitched in her giant hand, no larger than a clementine fruit. "This useless thing failed testing, so you know what its good for now, this!" she snapped before thrusting the squirming man head first into her dripping cock, the man's little legs kicking as she thrust a thumb against his ass and forced him into her oversized slit, moaning as she cupped the small squirming bulge he made as she pumped him down letting Mini watch her milking the little toy deeper and further in till with a grunt of pleasure one of her fat black balls gave a jiggle, and began to rock gently. "MHmm that's it. And it's not even worth being my spunk, guess what happens if you OD on my product, you'll be little better than a toy, even a toy could do that!" she jerked a hand down over her own rock hard cock to the squirming slosh of her balls. "To you!" she finished with a huff, as below her Mini was torn between shivering with fear, and arousal. Her own small cock dribbling as she gazed up at the massive woman...wishing to be like her...needing it before..reluctantly nodding. "I...understand. I'm sorry." Whispered Mini as above her Sin's ears flicked back her eyes closing as she let her heart slow; calm returning. Perhaps helped by the pleasant squirming servicing of the toy's struggles. "No, no I'm sorry Mini, I know its frustrating...Just trust me alright...here." Sighed Sin stomping over to the cabinet and fishing out a Jar full of a few dozen tiny men each shivering at her gaze and all no larger than her fingers. "Have a few really tiny ones, and just remember your still better than them." Smirked Sin, giving as close to encouragement as came from her. Nodding at her words Mini took the offered toys smiling softly at Sin, as she turned long tail flicking as she left...knowing that these weren't what she wanted...but smiling softly to herself as she thought of Sin's back to her...the cabinet open and the formula she craved just inside. "Fine Sin, you want to play it hard.." smiled the mouse girl idly bringing the jar down to her hips and unmercifully thrusting her cock into the mass of squirming toys. Shivering as she felt them rubbing against her pink tip. "MHmmm we'll see who gets the last laugh." Her smile staying with her as she departed the offices and headed off into town. That night, a slender, figure, no taller than five feet in

this world of ten-foot rabbits' and titanic pups, stole its way into a familiar office, pushing a chair up to the cabinet, as with a bit of work, a satisfying click, echoed into the stillness. "Lets see, stretching no, shrinking, ugh as if I'm not small enough," growled Mini annoyed as she kept looking, passing vials, and pills to do dozen's of changes, till at last her eyes fell on a large bottle the size of a milk jug to her. "bullseye!" grinned the mouse girl yanking the heavy beaker into her arms, with a soft grunt, even as she heard a click. Her whole-body stiffening as she looked out the door to see the lights in the hall turning on. Eyes widening Mini, could see it now, Sin or one of her staff finding her, what might follow, even as she felt the weight of the beaker in her paws. Any of Sin's warnings, vanishing next to a determined glare as she hefted the beaker to her mouth cute mousy lips parting as she closed her eyes and began to drink! The thick greenish liquid sliding over her tongue pinning it back as she felt it going down her first gulp making her eyes water even as she pushed the glass higher determined to have it all. Down the hall, a familiar rabbit woman was stomping along, her hands clenched into fists and with cold blooded murder in her eyes. Fuck taboo's, that little mouse had gone too far, she'd turn her into a toy for her toys! "Breaking into my lab...MY LAB!" she all but swore, turning down the hall, her pocket still buzzing with the alarm, a video recording showing little Mini pulling herself up through a window. The image having interrupted the rabbit midway through a rather pleasant session with her and a "borrowed" red panda, the boy's ass left unacceptably vacant following her sudden call away. Skipping round the hall Sin was incensed seeing the light to her office flooding into the hall as she bounded down towards it spinning round into the doorway, with a booming command already echoing over her teeth! "MINI YOU ARE IN BI....bi...biggg....." Sin's stammering soon smothered by an earth-shaking moan before with a cracking of glass the beaker once housing at least a few dozen doses of growth formula shattered empty upon the floor. Complements of the shivering figure now turning to face her. "Oohh yessss! BIGGG!" moaned Mini, her voice a deep boom now issuing from a nearly twenty-foot mouse, her feet slowly spreading across the floor even as her brown-haired head pushed higher, inching towards the ceiling. Her hands grasping at one full breast, squeezing it up and down to tease the fat pink nipple as it pushed into an erect spire. Her free hand, once barely large enough to have wrapped round a baseball bat, now coiling round a fire hydrant sized cock bouncing against two heavy melons now forcing her legs apart. "SOOoo bigg, mhmm and..ahHhhhHH its still GOOING!!" moaned Mini her brown eyes rolling in pleasure as she jerked along her giant shaft, taking longer with each pump as it grew with her. Her head bumping into the ceiling as she gave a pleased gasp, letting her hips thrust back into the cabinet she scaled earlier, now only coming up to her hip at best..and soon not even that. The crash of the chemicals inside ripping Sin from her daze as anger flushed hot and red across her face. "MINI YOU IDIOT I TOLD YOU!" began Sin only for the panting mouse to thrust a hand out, catching Sin across the chest and pinning her down even as the mousegirl swelled still further, her knees smashing down into the floor. Spiderweb cracks racing out from the giant girl as she bent, one hand still at work between her legs, even as the second stretched across Sin's chest, thick pinkish fingers soon broad as

Sin's arms. "I don't think so Sinny..ooohh..." every moan seeming to signal a fresh swell as Mini's head inched higher filling more of the room, as the tables tumbled against her couch sized rump, her feet already pressing to the back wall, as sin's office surrendered to the growing girl. "Ooh yess I'm the big one now, so that makes me mhmm the one in charge Ooh RIGHT!" grinned the titanic mouse snapping at the last words, as behind her massive ass jiggled with the crack of her tail, the tip smashing a few of Sin's cabinets to splitters even as the rabbit fought back a snarl...before relenting with a nod. "Mhmm Good, as fun as it would be I don't want to play with you Sin, hehe I want your toys...the big ones..." groaned Mini, as with a shiver her body swelled still further, her cock now coming to press a tip broad as a love seat against Sin's feet, the thick padded paws making her whole body tremble, cracking the floor still further as Mini's face filled the rabbit's view. "So bunny, fetch!" cooed Mini, even as her body swelled, Sin helpless, forced to feel the weight on her chest growing as the mouse girl's back smashed into the ceiling, plaster falling about as the black and white furred mouse moaned her approval, savoring every surge as she and Sin watched her once tiny frame growing bigger and bigger, arms thickening, with slender girth, as her cute shape took on monstrous power with sheer scale. Flicking her hand Mini let out a giggle seeing Sin skidding away from the nearly forty-foot mouse girl. Watching Sin leave gave the mouse a thrill she'd only dreamed of, her hand moving up to her open mouth letting her slap her wet tongue along the thickening digits. Tasting the once powerful bunny on them. "So tiny, mhmm they all will be..mhmm just toys...heh oooh my toys...all mine!" Her moans only partially covering the strong surges rolling up her back, as she arched up only to smack against the ceiling, grinning as she felt it giving below her bulk. "Yess morrRRE!" she demanded releasing her cock to slam heavily to the floor just to press against the ceiling with both hands, feeling it first buckling...then breaking as she felt a fresh rumble of growth rolling through her. "YESS YESS!" her cock lifting to blow its first monstrous load across the office as the ceiling of Sin's offices exploded up in a shower of brick and mortar. On her way back, with a syringe full of knockout and shrinking formula Sin turned the corner just in time to be waylaid by a battering ram sized cock. The pink beast over ten feet long and erupting already with a virtual flood of hot mouse spunk. Gasping the bunny soon found her fur dyed white in the rush, the syringe flying from her hand to shatter somewhere as she was sent spilling out of the second floor, splatting on the pavement below, in a bed of thick fem spunk. Spluttering Sin swiped white batter from her eyes just in time to see Mini's towering form surging over her building. The titanic mouse's ass bouncing as it pushed out and out swallowing the walls as they crumbled below till with a bounce it settled. Her titanic legs smashing down and digging out into the road, kicking over a parked car with ease as the massive cock that had shot her free thrust into view, dribbling as it rose back to full mast. "OOoohhhh yesss!" boomed Mini smiling round at herself even as she spotted the now tiny black rabbit below. "Awww, you didn't get any... I guess!" grinned Mini looking round and beeming as her eyes fell on a section of the roof not swallowed by her gigantic self. The sections roof torn back, to expose dozen's of cages, filled with whimpering men of fur and flesh, and. "I 'll just have to help myself!"

boomed the giant girl, reaching down to rip a cage up into her gigantic hand. Her claws pealing the metal like a fruit to dump the shaking man down onto her mammoth size'd shaft. Thumping down onto the hard flesh the man was forced to grip tight less he be thrown off the building, shaking as he looked up and up to see the titanic mouse's tongue sliding out drool dribbling from her lips as she eyed him. "Ooohhh so small, hehe that's it, keep looking up at me..." moaned Mini even as her hand dropped down wrapping round her now truck size'd shaft, pinning the man bairly a third its size against it as she began to pump him and down the bestial shaft. "Mhmmm MHmm yess that's it tiny...you can't handle a big mousy can you..ahhhh no one can!" mocked Mini grinning as the little man's weak struggles tickled along her dick's new girth, every move only making her harder as she pumped him faster, and faster. "Come on..keep squirming mhmm I can't even feel you bug..ahhh you little toys are just useless next to my cock aren't yOU!" roared Mini her chest rising in pleasure at the words even as she slid her hand and the tiny man down his head suddenly thrust against her tip as she gave a wet sigh. "UUuuugg then your just a cock snack aren't you mhmm I think you'll be much better as cum for a good toy!" mocked Mini smiling as the man's cries were smothered as she thrust the five feet of struggling man into her gigantic fifteen foot shaft. The mousy girl visibly jerking at the pleasure as below her foot smashed down inch's from Sin drawing a cry of shock from the mad scientist...and Mini's attention. "Oh there you are Sinny! Hehe I thought I'd lost my little friend!" grinned Mini, her eyes alight with ruthless pleasure at the new relationship between the two. For her part Sin didn't dignify the taunt with a growl, forcing herself to stay calm as she looked over the nearly hundred-foot horny giant. "You didn't.." breathed Sin her smooth tone a bit hampered as a glob of Mini's cum plopped from one of her ears and onto the ground at her side. The sight making Mini giggle sending fresh tremors through the ground as she leaned forwards to loom over little Sin. "Good...cause I need something from you, See." She smiled reaching down at Sin. Before the bunny could move she was caught up in the titanic mouse's grip, finger thick as her wrists pinning her strong arms to her side, as she was yanked up only to feel the girls hot breath brushing over her. "I'm to big for your tiny toys anymore...but I want a really...gooood fuck.." grinned Mini licking her lips inch's from Sin's face letting the warm breath tickle at the huge woman's fur. "So your going to give one of those," at this she pointed at the pens "some of that stretch stuff, hehe I mean A LOT." She moaned feeling her cock throb, one titanic ball squirming with the tiny man "..or." grinned Mini leaning up even as her tongue traced over her mousy bucked teeth. Sin feeling the hard slap of a cock heavier than her whole body against her ass. "I'll have to use something bigger..." she moaned her hips grinding slowly up and down against Sin's naked ass, letting the rabbit own, usually impressive, package to rub its tiny self against the mighty mouse's. Well if it was a choice between getting fucked by mini...or the toys. Was there even a choice? Either way, moments later had Mini kneeling beside the building, her gigantic shaft rubbing through

what had been Sin's office, shaking as she watched the rabbit work, and idly smothering a few volunteer toys below her cock. "Better hurry Sinny, mhmm your toys are just so pathetic I haven't cum once!" teased the towering girl, grinning as she pressed a struggling fox down her girth, watching his little hands and feet trying and failing to overpower just one of her fingers. His fellow another of the smooth ones pinned below her throbbing tip, trying to keep his head above the flood of pre dribbling out even as below his legs were swallowed by her bulging fridge sized orbs. Down below, Sin fished a squirming black haired boy from the cages, his wide pink eyes looking up in fear, as he tried to tug against the bunny's firm grip. The fear in his face, the helpless way he looked from her to the teasing giantess making Sin hard despite herself. "Fuck Mini if this wasn't hot." Chuffed Sin as with a stab and a depress that sent fluid spiraling into the whimpering boy's arm, she dumped at least a months work into one toy. "There!" called Sin dumping the boy onto the floor and stepping back, her now free hand sliding slowly down towards her shaft, as she sat back to enjoy the show. Slapping to the floor, the man managed to just rise to his knees when a hand yanked him from the floor. The caged room flying away in a tug, that threw his head back to watch the nextdoor building fly by, before being replaced as something pink thrust towards him. "Mhmmm good girl Sinny, oohhh he's a softy too...mmhmm hehe but your sure he'll fit..." cooed Mini rubbing the tiny boy against her naked breast his face smushed against her hard nipple, grinding him even as her cock rose, dripping from the two limp toys. "Well...I guess it doesn't matter...cause if not." Boomed Mini grinning as she grabbed the two near her cock and lifted them up towards her face, granting them a final hungry look before opening wide, her tongue sliding out to dangle. Fat drops falling over her breasts, warm saliva trickling down to wet the boy sinking to her breast, even as she dangled the two above her maw. The mouse's hot breath blowing up made the limp men stir, fear letting them offer a final squirm even as the uncaring mouse dropped them into her hungry maw. The wet splats of their naked bodies vanishing with a curl of that powerful tongue as it rammed them home into her throat. "Ooohhhh yess, mhmm that's right, everyone's just food or fucks to me.." moaned Mini sliding the black haired boy from her breast pressing him to her belly till she was sure he heard the muffled pounding inside. Shivering at the teasing squirms now wriggling inside her, the dripping giantess eyed her newest toy, his cute little tear streaked face looking up at her. His face turned up and up to see the towering monster above as she slid him down her cock, the heat practically burning the tiny man as the heavy thud of her balls crashing into the building below rolled up through him like an earthquake. "Please I!" cried the boy only for Mini's thick finger to press over his mouth smothering his words effortlessly. "SHhhe its fine, I know you're a perverted little toy that just want's my big.." she moaned sliding him along her head, the broad ridge slapping to his ass she groaned with eagerness, "hard cock...go ahead and beg, hehe I might even listen..." she smiled her free hand sliding back to her broad ass, squeezing the living furry mountain of soft cheeks a she pulled her finger from the boy's lips even as his ass came down to kiss at her tip's broad slit. "Please I'll do anything I!"

"AHHHHHH!" BOOMED Mini as she thrust her tip against his tiny ass, the car sized cock ramming into the soft flesh before it spread impossibly wide, the boy's ass stretching sending his legs dangling comically over the sides of her cock, as his skin was filled, bloating out further and further like a living condom round her tip, his words vanishing as he struggled just to breathe. "OOOHhh FUCK THAT'S GOOD...MHMM OOPS, AHHH I GUESS I LIED ABOUT LISTENING TO LITTLE TOYS FROM NOW ON! MHMMM OH FUCK, KEEP STRETCHING YOU SLUT, MHMMM!" commanded Mini her fingers yanking the boy's down letting each thick pillar close in turn, holding him tight as his body was filled with her cock, the tiny man soon bloated like a living pocket pussy as she pulled him down, foot by throbbing mousy foot. "OHhh yeah..OOH YEAH FUCK FUCK FUCK STREACH FOR ME SLUT AHHH FUCK YOUR'LL JUST ME COCK SLEEVES MHMM OOHO OOOHHH YESSSS!" roared the gigantic mouse grasping round the boy's skin tight hips and yanking down, not even watching his chest and throat bulge, uncaring of his tiny form struggling to even understand its new life as her pocket pussy. Instead all Mini cared for was her own pleasure a she rose, one hand smashing down into the building to steady her as she pumped along her massive tool, panting in earnest as every thrust shook the building, her moans filling the street, as down it dozen's looked on shocked at the sight. Towering women in their own right blinking up and up at the mouse girls sexual thrill, as their toys whimpered pressing closer to the giantess's they knew in the face of such raw bestial lust. "SO CLOSE SO CLOSE AHH AHHH OOOOHHH FUCK MHMM SIN!!" BOOMED Mini her voice thundering down seconds before Sin turned in time to be smothered by the mouse's oversized cock, the massive toy coated meat, now equal to her own height pinning her down as the mouse's wet moans dribbled down. "I'M GONNA CUM..I'M GONNA CUM SO BIG AHHH AHH I'S SO BIG NOW MHMM SEE I TOLD YOU AHHH I NEEDED IT MHMM OH FUCK HE..HERE IT COMES MHMM I WANT YOU TO..AHH...FEEL IT CU..CUMMMMMINNNGGG!" the yell that burst forth drown out in the ears of those round by the gurgling blast of seed, as it flooded into the poor toy's ass, his mouth to small to let it out as he bloated, belly surging bigger and bigger, the hot sloshy mess smothering Sin below her giant creation as Mini bucked and bucked till her balls ran dry, seed gushing out across the buildings running down the walls in thick trails of musky mouse cum, till with a final gasp, Mini fell to her knees...and then toppled back onto the street, her cock and its human cum balloon swinging above her dribbling across her drooling panting mess of a body. Leaving the street in complete disarray as the giant mouse gurgled happily her eyes rolling back in bliss as her mind sank into the welcoming warmth. A few weeks later a familiar black rabbit would be standing outside her home waving her friends inside, nodding at a few as they passed, even giving a few familiar toys a good swat on the ass till. "Hey Sin?" called a voice as the rabbit turned to see a beautiful example of her work stomping over, the golden red fur and thick muscular build setting her a bit apart as she smirked up at the black bunny. "Leona, glad to see you, oh what's this?" grinned Sin as the lion like bunny girl swung a whimpering male tiger from her shoulder. "This little shit made a run for it, keeps trying it to, so I figured you wouldn't mind giving him to someone special." Grinned Leona her golden eyes flashing with excitement as Sin's own turned up with the same.

"Oh, well I just hope you don't want him back...I'm sure she'll be ecstatic to give him a nice big lesson." Smiled Sin grabbing the tiger harshly by the tail and dragging him off round the manner. The sounds of the party inside sailing out as she passed a few friends waving to them till she reached the rear of the home, where a massive yard lay, the wet thwap thwap thwap of something huge beating against smaller things rising as Sin stopped. "Mini, we've got another one for you!" called Sin smiling as the gigantic mouse turned towards her, almost drooling as she spied the tiger. Turning the rabbit took a moment to appreciate the sight of some poor stretched out and bloated man dangling from the gigantic mouse's cock before she felt the tiger leaving her grasp. "Oooh thanks...hehe he looks tight.." moaned Mini licking her lips as she pulled the bloated toy from her cock letting it splat to the ground as gallons of her cum began to flood out his destroyed ass. "He was all loose, mhmm oooh kitty." smiled Mini eyes wide with an animalistic lust, that didn't seem to be fully aware of itself, "lets play cat and mouse!" she boomed before pinning the man down and bending over his struggling form. Sin walking back to her party idly shaking her head. She told Mini those chemicals could do some damage to her mind...but oh well. At least the mouse was good for breaking those toys that didn't obey her...sides. "Mhmm it's a good show to watch." She smiled reaching down to give her own cock a stroke, seeing more than one of her guests on the balcony enjoying their own little sluts as they watched the not so tiny mouse flooding the lawn with used up toys.
