"Humph...this stinks." "Perhaps it does. However, it is also the rules." "Then the rules stink." Huffed an adolescent voice, the note of annoyance clear enough to nail to a wall and use as advertisement. On the receiving end of these words a deeper, almost patient, tone let out a tired sigh before continuing. "For the hundredth time Sandy your objections are noted. But as I've said, again, a hundred times; those, Continued the woman lifting a black limb, the smooth ebony fur sliding gently up to where thick white fingers poked out forming a firm pointer, indicating a sign against the nearest wall. "Are up in this lobby for a good reason. A little restraint won't kill you." finished the woman, her dark green eyes moving back to where the other stood. Well perhaps not stood, so much as leaned against her snack and news stand, the large green structure with shelves of food behind, and a pearly white stone counter matching the delicate fur of her throat. The massive female stopping just about where the females massive bosom pressed against a simple frilled shirt, the little decorations forming a flower pattern that teased into a generous v neck above her plump breasts. The effect rather cute, when in conjunction with the carefully spun golden drill locks that decorated the sandy brown and white vixen's blond hair. The effect only diminished due to the slump of her larger fluffy ears over the locks, in conjunction with the cut puffed out cheeks some the girl obviously in the midst of a bit of a tantrum. "It could. Its made you pretty cold already Maria." Huffed Sandy her hands slumped over the counter to her stand, as she blinked round through golden bangs at the sharply dressed canine before her, the woman's huge fifteen foot frame currently covered by a business top and skirt that hugged in just the right places to flash off her generous curves and bulge with each flick of her pristine brushed tail. Drawing in a deep breath Maria busied her paw with adjusting her glasses, a tick at her eyebrow showing her annoyance poking through a cultivated mask, even as she took a step towards the marble wall of Sin industries lobby. "I am quite sure following the rule for not indulging in toy play within the lobby has done little to affect me Sandy. What it has done, is keep the floor from being so slippery or sticky that everyone had to wash their paws. That and getting the stains out." Mumbled the African dog woman, glancing over to one spot of white tile where a few spots still showed. Pleasure in white wasn't

too hard but the red just never wanted to scrub out. "But I thought Sin was going to have some toys do it.." huffed the fox, her massive tail flicking behind as she pushed her hands onto her stands counter lifting herself back to her full twenty foot stature. The huge difference between the pair never the less still appeared as a talk between a stern teacher and overgrown, in this case literally, child. As Marina tilted her head up with a disapproving frown shaking her head at the giantess. "Which led to them being plucked up, stepped on," she began counting on her fingers, eyeing Sandy, recalling the girl participating in the first mention a few times, " or otherwise ahem used." She finished a tiny blush touching her cheeks as she recalled her own little run in with a cleaning toy... her little fun leaving both him and the floor in quite a state of hot and sticky. "Anyway." Called the canine casting round for something to distract from the conversation, her spectacled gaze moving over the stands fruits and snacks a few other bobs and bobbles before dropping onto the heavy teddy bear resting on the counter a few feet away from Sandy's side. "Is that one of your new stuffed animals? It seems you've outdone yourself." Commented the pup, smiling as she saw Sandy's frown cracking at the corners, as she looked round to the heavy brown bear, its bright red bow-tie and over-sized fluffy body a perfect combination of cute and cuddly. "Yeah...I made it...took me a bit.." mumbled Sandy her tone struggling to remain in her pout, even as Marina noted the lifting of her ears in combination with the girls wagging tail. "Time well spent, it's the cutest one I've seen. Hmm, maybe I'll have to get one for myself, it would look cute on my desk. Have you thought about selling some of your work?" inquired the canine. The giant girls pouting frown quivering before breaking as Sandy began to wiggle a bit, till with a happy yip she pulled the bear across the counter into her arms, letting her bosom squish against its head as she nodded down at the woman. "I know right! Hehe Dumpy's so cute and cuddly I just couldn't leave him at home!" yipped the blonde squeezing the bear even tighter, its little button head bowing down as she squished the chest in. "I see that, well you and Dumpy, enjoy your day, I've got to get to work." Smiled the woman turning to pad off towards the elevators as Sandy waved after her. Even as the arm hugging the bear slid down to grasp one of its arms making it wave along too. "Bye Maria!" called the blond Vixen watching till the woman vanished and the entry way was almost deserted. A few women milling about here and there, even as Sandy glanced about, slowly sliding the bear off the counter and onto the shelf below. "Hehe good boy Dumpy, we totally fooled her!" smiled Sandy her eyes moving from the bear to her own hardened cock, as she set him on the shelf just under the counter, letting its fluffy rump... and the curious numb of a tail face her naked hip. "Mhmm don't indulge your ass Maria." Giggled Sandy giddy at having pulled one over on the pup even as she grasped the bears, tail... and pulled. A muffled groan

rising from the bear, even as she slapped a hand onto its back squishing it against the bottom counter, "Shhhh!" she purred pulling a bit harder as something rubbery began to show before. *POP* A dripping anal plug was swaying in her paw from where the tail had been. The space now open to show a puckered donut of flexing pink ass just waiting to be filled. The owner of said rump moaning inside the fluffy prison of the bear, his arms and legs bent and bound into a kneeling position, by thick leather straps, similar to the one wrapped tight to the ball gag stuffed into his whimpering mouth. Drool and tears dripping out as he struggled to breathe after the bone crushing hug and now her pinning him in place. His mind struggling to stay focused even as a warm thump against his back made him tremble knowing what came next. "Mmhmm aww don't worry Dumpy its just me... hehe see.." cooed the vixen sliding her nearly five foot propane tank thick dick along the soft fur of the bears back. Savoring the tiny tickle of the fur brushing along her cock head as it worked along her throbbing shaft. "Oooh and I've gotten so hard waiting for this..mhmm stupid Marian, like she'd ever get one of my dollies, they like me best isn't that right dumpy.." cooed Sandy sliding her hand away from the bear's back and onto her shaft as she ground it against his tiny form. Savoring every little squirm, her cute face taking on a mischievous scene of eagerness as she bit her bottom lip watching as she slowly, deliberately brought her fat head down to the boy's panting ass. "Oh fuck dolly your going to feel so good soon just let me." "Hey Sandy can I get a snack." Called a soft voice as the girls eyes bugged out, her head jerking up even as her hips gave an involuntary thrust forwards! A wet little slurp muffled by the counter, even as the vixen fought back a moan as the pumpkin sized tip of her cock thrust into her little man's ass, his muffled cries only making his body hum round her shaft. "YEEEES!" gasped Sandy looking up ears on end, as her gaze fell on a slightly startled looking bunny. "I'm sorry..i... didn't think you were busy." Mumbled the speaker taking a step back, her head drooping to match her long floppy brown ears, as she blinked up apologetically between her brunette bangs. The shy rabbit actually looking like a lost pet for a moment despite being a few inch's taller than the blonde vixen. "Oohh oh No, I ahem..mhmm no sorry Hydey," smiled Sandy fighting back a moan as she felt her cock sliding a few more heavy inch's into the bear, his little hole clenching so tight it made her mouth water. "I was just lost inn...oooh in thought!" blushed the fox, tail swishing as she saw the shy bunny looking a bit confused before nodding, thank god Hydey was so soft spoken. "SOooooohhhh what can I get," smiled Sandy trying to fake her usual playfulness as she leaned in without thinking, " yoooHHuu." Moaned Sandy leaning against her counter-top, her white shirt showing her nipples growing erect as below she felt her cock ramming home into the boy's tight ass. Every inch clenching against her, trying to push her back making it feel even better as her weight drove her dick deeper and deeper, his tight little belly bulging against the furry prison, with an audible groan of stretching fibers. The man's body jerking uncontrollably as the bear prison was pushed along, his face

smushed to the inside of the fluffy head as it dragged along. Feeling every hard swell and flex of the massive python squirming deeper inside him, as if the cock had a horny mind of its own begging to break his little ass In front of Sandy's friends, to get her caught as the little slut she pretended not to be. 'OHHH FUCKKK YOU DUMPY!! AHHH OH FUCK YOUUUR ASSS FEELS SO GOOD MHMMM STOP BEING SUCH A TIGHT COCK WHORE AND BE A GOODD MHMM DOLLY!' Moaned Sandy silently in her mind, her eyes wetting a bit with the effort to hold back her hips from going wild under the table. Her whole body quivering as Hydey blinked at her curiously. "Um I was just going to ask for an apple." Blushed the bunny, stepping forwards to fish a few coins from her purse as she watched the shaking fox nodding, at her. "Right..coming mhmm right up!" smiled Sandy as she leaned back a bit to grab one from a basket against the rear of her stand. The movement, however, making her hips rock up forcing both cock and its new home up to bang against the underside of the counter. What little of her shaft that had been outside her little toy vanished in one hard thrust. "Here we GOOooooo!" moaned Sandy as she felt the boy's face smushed into the underside, driving his helpless body down to the hilt, with a loud *CLAP* as her balls smashed against his plump cheeks. The boy's own tiny cock erupting inside the bears, body as his own orbs were smothered by the weight of his prison squeezing them between it and Sandy's package. 'OOOH FUCK MEEE HE'S SO TIGHT NOW...I CAN'T...CAN'T STOP ITS TOO GOOD!' howled Sandy inside her head as she leaned in, her mouth opening into a bit of a pant even as she set the apple down before her. "SOoorrryy Hydey mhmm I'm just feeling little ahhh under the weeeaahahhther you know...mhmmi think I'm running a bit of a fever.." moaned Sandy sliding her hips back savoring the little jerking as more and more of her cock slipped from the hollowed out hole of her toy.. Before face flushing she reached down behind the counter her free hand slamming down into the whore stuffed bear, fingers gripping into the fabric like a feral hound might bite its bitching neck in breeding. "Um yeah you do look a bit red..." mumbled Hydey looking at the panting vixen, her own face flushing a touch as she caught the scent of vixen lust leaking from below the table. "Are you feeling ok? Maybe you should go home and rest.." "Ooohhh nooo mhmmm I'm feeling really *thump*..ahhh good now...*thump*...mhmmm just gonna have to let it..*thump*....mMMMMMhmmm take its course.." panted Sandy as every few words a hard thump from below the counter would make both it and Sandy shake, her breasts visibly bouncing against her top, threatening to poke out as above she seemed to arched her back, pressing them harder into the cool stone counter, savoring the hard stone rubbing at her hardened tits through the thin fabric over her top. To Hydey it looked like Sandy was having some kind of erotic daydream. Regardless she grabbed the apple pulling it up to her mouth so as to fain an excuse to leave the panting fox alone. Even as the long eared bunny turned she swore she saw Sandy mouthing the words YES before with a wet flop her tongue was rolling from her drooling lips. "CU..cummmmmMM again!" boomed the golden haired girl banging her hips hard to the counter. Poor Hydey wondering if her friend was going nuts. And she wasn't far off.

Watching the bunny turn away Sandy dropped what little pretense she had nakedly bending over the counter top her hips bucking wildly below the counter, every pump yanking her hidden pet back and forth with even harder returns, her hips slapping openly savoring the squishy surrender as the boy's ass was beaten into a bouncing pudding by her hungry cock. Every clap of her balls swinging with enough force to clap up between the bears legs, punching the boy's own package where he hung helplessly expose between his tied down limbs. The whimpering pet inside long since losing itself as every thrust milked another and then another thick rope into his bloated belly. Her first shot having already bubbled from his mouth plugging his gag, and soon popping it free into the bear as it filled steadily with her cum. Every fresh thrust gaining a satisfying wet slap as cum leaked out the tight seal of his ass round her shaft, while his was rubbed face first into the puddle flooding over his loose lips. 'oohh FUCK ME that was amazing...mhmm oh fuck Dumpy...hehe your such a bad dolly oooh mhmm but such a good cum dump..ahhh you feel so good like this...mhmm so wet....and warm...' moaned the vixen inside her own head, feeling her cock jerk as a fresh gallon of baby batter bubbled into the boy's limp form. An audible slosh now coming as she let her hips rock pleasantly into her spunk filled toy. A few final pumps seeming to at last satisfy her as she numbly reached round the bottom counter. Her hand thumping blindly till she felt what she was looking for. "Mhmm ok... now you better clench really tight...or else." Purred the fox leaning below the counter for a moment so no one could hear her. "dumpy doesn't get his day off." Giggled the girl, her words somehow even more threatening for the playful way she spoke. The statement somehow punching through the punch-drunk broken man's mind so that even as her cock was slurping back, the weak little ass managed to clench just long enough to keep from splattering its hard won seed across the floor. A wet slap following as Sandy rammed the tail plug back into place. Smiling as she hefted the now much heavier bear up letting it slap to the counter. "Mhmm good dumpy." Cooed the vixen smiling as she watched the bloated toy wobbling there, its little belly bloated to twice its original size, the head sagging a bit even as Sandy set about pressing her fur and hair back into place. So lost in her little cleanup she didn't notice the new arrivals till a heavy little chuff made her look round to see a familiar Black furred rabbit. "Sin!" yipped the rejuvenated vixen wiggling as she beamed at the massive rabbit, her scale doing little to make the ebony woman a less imposing figure, as the bunny's cold eyes moved from her to the bear, a knowing smile on her lips. "Hello Sandy, sorry to bother, Miranda here was just telling me about your little bear, and I just had to see for myself." She smiled, ears flicking slightly as the smile on her lips seemed to curve ever so slightly up. "OH, yeah he's the best, Don't tell me you want one too Sin? Hehe I'm going to have to get everyone one!" giggled the girl nervously noticing the rabbits gaze not leaving the slightly limp bear. The wet patch at its head almost visible in the entryway lights. Heart hammering the blonde watched with bated breath as the rabbit took a step closer. "really, hmm maybe I'll have to take this one then, Dumpy hmm how would you like that?" smiled Sin

reaching forwards to jab a finger hard into the bears belly. A satisfying squish and barely audible slosh greeting, her, as audible only just to the rabbits ears a weak pained whimper. For Sandy and Marina, however, nothing could be heard. Smiling proudly, at the ingenuity of the fox Sin made her decision. "Hmm but I guess you'll keep this one, just remember to get me one ok, hehe oh and don't worry about stuffing it." Smiled Sin with a coy little flick of her hand. "I have some nice tight packing material I've been looking to put to use." Finished Sin as Sandy nodded happily. "Hehe no problem! Heeh I'll get right on it! But you sure, I have everything to make one just like him?" asked Sandy missing the woman's hints, still confident she had fooled her. "Hmm no I insist, but I must be going, have a good night with little dumpy Sandy. "called the blackhaired woman turning to depart leaving Sandy giggling unknowingly behind her. The Vixen sure even as she packed up and left the building she had gotten away Scot free. A few hours later, would find the same golden-haired vixen stepping into her home, arms full of a sloshing teddy bear. "Ugh talk about a long day Dumpy." Sighed the girl, as she idly tossed the bear onto a chair, the audible churn of his overstuffed belly making her grin. "Oh, I forgot!" she yipped marching over to grab the bear by its leg, lifting it, as the boy inside whimpered dangling by the firm grip along his calf and bound leg, being swung by the gigantic fox as she stomped round her apartment and into what looked like a laundry room. "You're all messy so!" she smiled as with a small flick against the bears neck, a seem was opened to expose a zipper. A small swish later the plop of wet fur and spunk splatted onto the floor as Sandy held the bloated black haired man, still plugged and panting, his arms and limbs bound to fold back in so that it dropped he would be perpetually on his elbows and knees. Humming to herself Sandy unsnapped the binding before bending to place the panting boy onto the bear suit, with an innocent smile. "There we go, now get your suit all clean for tomorrow dummy, I don't want it smelling like your stinky cum when I show you off!" she smiled, standing back up, the boy whimpering as he looked up at her lovely form, towering above him noticing as he did the change as her face moved from innocent to annoyed. "oh right!" She yipped before she slid her hand down to her monstrous shaft, letting the fat head turn round to point at the pathetic dolly below her. The girls thick tongue sliding over her lips as she eyed the boy. "I almost forgot, I told you you could have the day off.." purred the girl looking thoughtful for a moment, as the boy nodded weakly. "Ye..yess you did...Please...I ..the suits so hot...and i." whimpered the boy, his face flushed from the heat and stickiness, his hair matted, and despite his attempts he didn't seem able to fully stand..only sway drunkenly grabbing it belly as it gurgled, coughing as thick globs were hacked onto the floor. "But." Cooed the girl frowning at the boy, his little eyes widening in fear as she bent closer her cock sliding till it was a few inch's from his face as she loomed dangerously over him. "you had your dirty little fuck hole squeeze me so tight earlier..mhmm you even made me moan like that in front of Hydae,"

cooed the vixen licking her lips as she slid her paw along up and down her shaft, seeing the boy's face turning white with fear at her words. "I know you just couldn't help it, my cock must feel so good in your little ass, but a good dolly needs to listen. Still." She mumbled her free hand tapping at her chin. "you didn't' spill, and were quite for So.....hehe I'll forgive you this once OK!" she giggled as the boy's heart lifted, his head nodding happily at her booming words. "Tha thank you Sandy! I'll be good I'll clean this up I promise!" he called moving to pull up the costume, as the vixen grinned, sliding her shaft a bit up, letting the soft mass loom imposing over the little boy. "Good dolly, but before that...you have to clean me up.." smiled Sandy happily as the boy froze, his tiny form turning to see her lowering her cock down to point at him. "Grab on little dolly we're going to a hot shower, and I'll need you to get all those hard to reach spots!" Smiled the girl waggling her cock in front of him. "now come on you wanted it so bad earlier, and I'm letting you play with it on his wedding night hehe OHH you can be the best man!" boomed the vixen thrusting her cock down to pin the boy giggling as with a pop the plug in his as was forced out, splattering him and her underside with seed. "Now hold tight, hehe I'd hate to have to get a new dumpy." Moaned Sandy savoring his little squirms as he wrapped round her cock, whimpering as she rose, leaving him hanging from her swinging cock as she stomped off towards the shower. The sound the shower starting soon joined by a wet moan as the boy's whimpers rolled out. "ooohhhh good dolly rub right there..mhmm harder its has to be nice and clean for tonight so don't miss a lick!" moaned Sandy she cupped the boy hard over her fur, forcing him down like some living washcloth scrubbing him in and out between her legs, over her plump orbs and even to tease round her luscious breasts till his limp form was all but spend. "Ahhh much Better!" I feel like a new girl thanks dumpy, now go clean up your mess." She boomed bending to drop the whimpering man onto the bathroom floor. Her foot stomping down inch's from him as she moved out not looking back as the terrified man gulped down his fear and began to limp towards the laundry room. Knowing if he didn't clean up that fluffy bear suit...then he'd be spending another day as Sandy's giant plaything. One hot shower later, the giant vixen was stepping into her room, fur smelling of sweet strawberry's and her hair damp at the edges just barely starting to curl. Bending over her night stand the girl rummaged around a bit before coming out with a little black bow-tie, smiling as she wrapped it round the tip of her cock. Humming softly a tune akin to "here comes the bride" Sandy giggled feeling the bowtie slide as it tickled at her tip, making the nearly six feet of fox hood rise happily at the teasing. "Hehe someone's excited, well it is your big day! Hehe I hope the brides got everything ready, or she's going to be in real trouble." Purred the girl reaching up to cup one bare breast, letting her fingers play over the firm tip of her arousal, as she stomped out of the bedroom and into a side room. As she stepped inside, nearly two dozen faces turned around and up, fur and flesh in a myriad of color and shapes, all blushing up as she stepped in. Sandy pausing to enjoy their eyes washing over her, the way they looked from her warm smile and down her sultry curves to stop at the massive bow tied shaft bobbing between her fluffy legs. Their combined blush's and hurried gulps making her feel like a goddess even as she beamed down at them all. "Hehe hey dollies, hehe thanks for coming!" she giggled stepping ahead, nearly stamping one unlucky feline boy, his long hair pulled back into a braided pony tail, and his form stuffed into a princess's white

frilly dress, like some kind of Disney doll. The boy nearly tripping on Sandy's hand stitched dress as he hurried to the side looking up at the girl that had made him her little princess dolly. Though he was far from the only one. A full half of the gallery below the titanic girl were dressed as such, tiny men made up with careful care into girly dress's, made to be half her collection, while the rest where made up to be boy's in little suits with matching props. Though even these were temporary and they knew it. Sandy liked her dollies too much to let many stay as boy's for long. Stepping through the doll sized chairs and pillars, Sandy smiled down at the tiny's work, her little crafting room, transformed by hours of labor into a miniature wedding scene, pillars and strands of garland running this way and that, chairs leading up to an alter, and everyone dressed to impress. The whole things a miniature beauty of pain staking work on her part. Every piece painted, every chair made, and every dress and suit stitched. It was like looking at her own little world, her eyes moving up and round to the walls where alcoves for dress's and cloth, box's of ribbon and thread, needles and tape, a hundred paints and other tools of her trade were stowed. "hehe I really am just awesome, right!" she yipped gazing down at the knee high dollies below all nodding hurriedly at her words a few even calling up to her. "Yess Sandy." "You look amazing Sandy," "the dress is lovely Sandy!" "The grooms so handsome!" and a dozen other learned complements. Her dollies after all, knew better than to give the giant girl anything but what she desired. Beaming at the little storm of complements Sandy let them go one for a few more minutes before with a flick of her tail and a brush of air over their heads they stopped hurrying to their places even as Sandy moved over and dropped to her knees, leaving her cock waggling erect inch's above the model wedding alter. "And here comes the bride!" called Sandy smiling her body wiggling eagerly as she looked out over the seated dollies, to see one from the end being escorted towards her, the tiny male done up to her own high standards. The figure in question, a tall handsome example of a panther, silken black fur, and tall stature, rendered somehow tiny and petite in a long flowing white gown, the males hair grown out into a waist length curtain that was carefully braided, his face done up with eyelash and lipstick to the point he appeared as a dainty bride completed with little white choker round his throat. Wide amber eyes lifting to see the his awaited... Groom twitching at his approach, as his paws squeezed tighter round the little bouquet of flowers. "Ohh she's so cute...mhmm just look how flushed the groom is." Purred Sandy, her lips parting in a little sigh as her cock flexed, bobbing before the crowd, the tip bumping into the alters arch a bit as it rocked making her giggle. Her fat orbs beyond churning audibly even as the man escorting the panther gulped and stepped back, allowing the "bride" to take the last few steps up to stand beside the massive shaft, feeling the heat from it as Sandy grinned above leaning in a bit so that the head of her dick was only an inch from the veiled panthers face. "You look great, mhmm my little girl all done up for me...mhmm." Her teasing words making the panther flush with embarrassment as he nodded. "Th..thank you.." he mumbled as Sandy's booming laughs rolled out over the crowed.

"hehehe aww your such a little sissy, hehe big strong man is just my little cock bride..ahhhh I love it! Hehe mhmm well..go on... he's all dressed up for you." cooed the vixen sliding her cock even closer, the massive pillar over a foot taller than the panther, as he gazed up at the head, his own veiled hair only level with the bow tie wrapped around the tree trunk sized shaft, as he bit back a whimper. "He...he looks handsome..." he managed as Sandy's booming giggles made the shaft bounce against her orbs a few flecks of pre already splatting down onto the alter round the boy as he saw her hand moving down to grasp her shaft, angling it forwards, as she cupped sliding her free hand down between her legs, fingers thick as his arms stroking against plump orbs as she built towards the moment. "I know..mhmm give your blushing groom a hug sissy.." ordered Sandy happily, grinning as the boy looked up and up at her smiling face, gulping as he gave a little nod moving over to press himself against her shaft, the warm throb nearly throwing him back as Sandy's giggles rose even loader. Rumbling above as she spoke. "Hhehe little sissy, its time nhmmm go on.. the veil..." she purred biting her bottom lip as she bent her fat tip down towards the panther's face. The man flushing hotly as he nodded, taking a paw to pull back the soft feather-light cloth and looked up into the dripping cumslit dangling before him. Even as a flushed squirrel stepped up dressed in the flowing robs of a pasture. "Vows!" boomed Sandy as the fluffy brown boy nearly dropped the book in his hands at the command before pulling them up. "Do you..swear to serve..and honor him.." called the squirrel as the leopard flushed with embarrassment gazing at his cock groom. "I do." "Hehe I do too, I'll be the best fuck ever I promise!" moaned Sandy licking her lips as she gave her shaft a slow stroke a few more drops of pre splashing down between the bride and her massive tool. "To keep them in health and... pleasure.." continued the pasture, as black feline nodded again whispering the words this time moment before Sandy's voice smothered his own. "YEP, hehe I'll feed him every day, and fuck her twice as much hehe and when our little girl comes I'll teach her to be big and strong like me by fucking her sissy mom!" boomed Sandy happily visibly stroking her cock faster as she lifted her free hand to bit at the finger. "If anyone has any reason..why these two should not be joined...you can be the brides first meal..." finished the pasture as he looked up. "So we have Cock and Bride you." "It's time to kiss the bride!" boomed Sandy pushing her hips forwards with a battering rams weight. The little panther looking up just as her cock crashed into his face, the dripping tip soaked in her dribbling pre gushing over his face as his muzzled was driven into it, his howl teasing up into her shaft, as she gasped happily. "HHaaahhh.....ah...aHHHH YESS!" howled the blond vixen, as her hand swung down to

cup the little brides head into place, feeling him squirming against her slit, even as she rolled her paws over her heavy sack, warm orbs sloshing her palms as heavy as the hungry cock squeezed the little man. "Ahh Uhmm umhmm yess keep going..mhmm use your tongue sisssyy ahhh show everyone how much you like my big cock!" panted Sandy her hand nakedly squeezing her bloated balls, as she pressed the bridal leopards face harder into her tip, feeling his jaws working inside the fat head, as the wet slap of his tongue made her toes curl, the watching "guests" flushing as they watched their owner face fucking the little man to her own delight. "Ummm uhmmmmm oooh yessss YESSS CU..CUMMMINNN!!" moaned the fox, her tail flicking back idly catching one of her dollies and pitching them across the floor. Not that the giant girl noticed, her legs lifting as she let the grown wearing man fall to his back pinned under her mammoth cock even as it shot the first few white ropes over his face. "OOoh fuck yess yessss oh dolly you make me so happy..ahhh you all do ooh fuck I love my dollies!" boomed Sandy her shaking legs giving as her ass fell back to crush the alter, even as fat ropes splattered out across the watching men, knocking them off their feet as the blonde girl pumped and pumped away painting her wedding with her own thick white brush. A few wet shots later, the gown was attached to a very white leopard, his once ebony fur, stained ivory as he tried to gulp through the thick mess coating him. The wedding guests either splattered or helping to lift those buried in the girls moans even as grabbed up her soaked bride rubbing him slowly against her tip as she rumbled to her feet. Rubbing the little feline up and down her shaft, watching him squirming helplessly in her paws Sandy stomped her way out of the room. The little honeymoon show going on and on till at last...Sandy was ready for the night to end, a few dollies set to clean up the mess, That night he'd spend his "honeymoon" within the panties of Sandy, her tip nice and warm inside the felines ass leaving the bride ready to due his wifely duties when her morning wood rose the next day. Even as Sandy curled up like the little princess she was in this world. A warm smirk laying across her lips as she drifted off to sleep in a way that few in this world of Sin could ever match. After all, the next day would see her having nothing but more and more fun with all her little dollies.
