A pounding ache ripped Dallas from unconsciousness. He awoke fetal, hugging himself. Biting back a pathetic whimper each time his left shoulder throbbed. At the time it felt like the needle stuck him somewhere vital. Long as his pinky finger, she had slammed it straight into his muscle without any of a doctor's care. Not that he gave her a choice: kicking and twisting against that woman'sNo. Not a woman. Not anymore. Against that monster's unbreakable one-handed grip. Like a misbehaving child who didn't want his medicine. The needle administered its icy dose, then lights out. To Dallas it was like no time had lapsed. But when he at last sat bolt upright, looking around in violent jerks, it became clear a lot of time had passed. Enough that he awoke somewhere entirely different. Somewhere pitch black. "What the fuck?" someone far across the room said. "Who's there?" another stranger quavered before making a strangled sound of surprise. "M-my voice. What's wrong with my voice?" Dallas frowned. He was a golden lab, and like any dog his eyes adjusted in the dark. Not as well as some preds-but enough he made out the shapes of things. The huge rectangular room reminded him of the college gymnasium. But this was no gymnasium. The ground felt way too sleek. Much cooler on his paws and bare ass than hardwood. Solid glass. God, and his clothes were gone-he just realized. Industrial shapes loomed from the distant wall on his right. A set of stories-tall cylinders coming down through the ceiling, feeding into identical giant bowls with smooth rims around 3'

high. And sitting far apart from each other, looking tiny despite their impressive musclesdwarfed by the walls climbing behind them... "Guys," Dallas gasped. Both figures snapped their heads in his direction then froze. "It's me." He paused. That wouldn't help. If he couldn't recognize his own voice, neither would they. "It's Dallas." "D?" an equine shadow grunted. King, biggest of the group. Dimmest, too. That the draft horse made the minimum passing grade back in his high school days must've been the result of some meddling football coach. "Why d'ya sound like that?" he asked. Like that. Meaning: as if they both just shared a bong rip off the same helium tank. "Oh, man, this is fucked," he warbled-attempting to speak around his own voice. Forming different sounds in his throat to unstick whatever was lodged there. When that didn't work he tried coughing. Dallas joined him. It would've been funny if it wasn't happening to them. To him, rather. They sounded like a couple of high-pitched cartoon mice pretending to be injured. "Shit!" King loudly squeaked in frustration. "Shut the fuck up," both Dallas and the other silhouette hissed. Up on their paws at the same time. King clapped a hand over his mouth. His pronounced chest fell still; all their pronounced chests did. No one moved, no one breathed. Listening over the mad beating of their hearts for a floor-rattling thump, a ringing giggle.

Or a moan. The kind of moan they used to get excited for, used to spend all night chasing at parties. Now bassy and awful. Dripping with enough physical intent the thought alone made three big, tough frat guys squeeze their legs tight. Cowering at a threat that never occurred to them until six months ago. The threat of violation. Dallas hadn't been counting, but at least 30 heartbeats passed before he let himself breathe again. All three of them crept toward the center of the room-in wordless agreement not to make another sound until they reached each other. As they got closer Dallas could better make out King and the other survivor. Gavin, unfortunately. A cocky bastard of an otter; cocky as Dallas, and personalities like theirs never mixed well. Reigning swim team champ and still just a sophomore. An absolute freak of the gene pool, too. That fact was on display: rippling, corded muscles exposed. Because he and King were just as naked as Dallas. None of them made any smartass comments about it. Plain as their nudity, he saw an identical look in their wide eyes. Absolute horror. "Any idea where we are?" Dallas spoke up first. He cleared his throat again. No use, still squeaky. "No," Gavin answered. "Can't see an exit, either. But I don't have a dog's eyes, do I?" Dallas shook his head. "No door." "Fuck." Gavin paced in a circle. "God damn it, didn't I say it was stupid that we were staying there? A mall. A fucking mall, Dallas. No shit someone would come poking around." "Fuck you, man. We were careful." "Where are the others, guys?" King asked.

Silence after that. Even he knew. Maybe not the whole of it, but a whispered conversation quickly laid out what he and Gavin had seen. For the past half-year they'd been living large at the end of the world. Not literally, of course. They were men-and that sure didn't mean what it used to. If it went down any other night they would've been on campus. Getting eaten or raped to death with the rest of the male student body. Gavin could bitch all he liked, that mall saved their lives. The nine of them had been smoking in the frat house: Ardian grinding his perky little ass into Dallas's lap, Dallas too high to care who saw. King had told them his dealer had found some tight shit, and goddamn had he delivered. That's when Hunter-the lemur whose skull had just recently been bifurcated-turned them onto the place. He'd been a part-timer for beer money, working nights at a shoe store outlet in the mall across town. The last holdout in a redevelopment project. All the rage before any of them were born; these days it ran on life support. Its parking lot was an unwelcoming hospice of potholes and chewed-up gravel. Hunter explained he'd been let go that Tuesday. Him and, well, everyone else in every other store. The mall had been shuttered-this time for good. Most of the inventory hadn't been moved from where he worked yet, and he'd have bet good money that was true for at least half the other stores there. Despite a lack of security, it looked like shoes and TVs and beers would be stewing in there a long while. And wouldn't you know it? They hadn't gotten the key off Hunter when they laid him off.

Even back then, heads turned in deference to their rising-star quarterback. "Top Dog" Dallas nudged Ardian off his lap onto the couch, though the pained grunt he made said it might've been a little rougher than a nudge. "Fuck it," Dallas had said, saving their lives without realizing. With that they packed themselves into Kyle's van and sped off. Kyle parked them a few miles out near some brush in case anyone came by-then they walked the rest of the way. At the mall Dallas got the keys from Hunter and ushered them in through the shoe store's inventory. From there they lifted the security gate, busted out some flashlights, and beelined for the liquor store. Dallas took a bat to the window. He and Kyle came out shouldering enough beer to put even King's horse liver through the wringer. For just nine guys, they made it a rager. Partying like it was the end of the world-not realizing that's exactly what it was. No window went un-shattered. They sat on thrones made out of boxed TVs, pissed in the still-running fountains. Crossfaded halfway out of their minds, Dallas and the others loudly began lamenting that they hadn't gone all-out. Nothing beat some tagalongs. Bitches; no one in their brotherhood would be caught dead calling them ladies, women, anything of the sort. Some bitches would've really made this a party. Ardian was good in a pinch, sure. He looked hopeful that night. But Dallas wasn't interested at the time. He had a hankering for some genuine girl meat. "Pussy," he and King had purred carnivorously. That's when they agreed to invite the rest of the fellas, make the whole thing Official Brotherhood Business. With them would come the usual gaggle of one-night-sluts.

They whipped out their phones and turned them on. Hunter had insisted they keep them off earlier. Despite this being his idea, he turned paranoid once they reached the mall-realizing this could get traced back to him. He told them phones had, "Like, trackers n' shit." Dallas would've told him to suck a fat one, but he had only given up the digital padlock's combination after seeing everyone's phones shut down. Five bottles deep and the whole atrium skunked with King's "good shit," he forgot his paranoia. His phone blinked on with everyone else's, a circle of inebriated faces glowing in boxes of light against the dark. Weed-reddened eyeballs flickered glassily with reflections of videos. The atrium filled with tinny screams echoing from speakers. No one said a word. One by one they blinked back to sobriety, watching graphic gore and rape unfold. It wasn't someone throwing fucked up leaks into the group chat again. They were watching national news. Emergency broadcasts. If any of the guys had brought their girlfriends as tagalongs, they might've all died that night. It happened around the world. Suddenly. Without explanation. And most of all: Violently. Those reporters who stuck it out until the end had started calling it T-Day. Transformation Day. It affected the entire female population, they said. Some more than others. Women changed. Grew-the shortest woman alive now had to be at least King's height, and King was a beast of a linebacker. The largest, well... Dallas saw some helicopter footage. Buildings shrieking down, searchlights centered on a skunk the size of a skyscraper. They grew muscle, too. If only that were it. They also grew cocks. Massive, throbbing cocks that came comorbid with every secret male urge cranked to an unbearable 11. Enough

testosterone in one of their watermelon-sized testicles to make musclebound Dallas a prepubescent shadow by comparison. Even that might've been okay for the world-if they were still themselves. But the changes happened in their heads too. Like they all underwent the same spontaneous nightmare lobotomy: any empathy drained out of them. They raped who they ate and ate who they raped. And who they raped were men-any men they could get their huge hands on. Even when their freakishly bloated cocks didn't fit. Especially when they didn't fit. The first couple of days passed like a nightmare. None of them left the atrium except to go to the bathroom. No one said much at all, eyes glued to their dying phones. Nobody heard from any friends or family. Except Kyle, who got a call from his girlfriend. The things she said... He hung up, blocked her. The spotty network connection faded in and out. Each time, they had access to less websites. Less news feeds. And then, all quiet. Week one was the worst. They jumped at any sound, expecting them to show up. Them. They had long since fallen into the habit of referring to women like another tribe. Like monsters. After that things got better. Good, in Dallas's opinion. Whatever horrible shit was happening out there-it continued to overlook them. They ran out of weed but had a lifetime supply of beer, and everyone spent more of the past six months roaring drunk rather than dare sobriety.

Everyone but Ardian. He seemed wary of letting his inhibitions go too much. Aware the looks the other guys gave him had quickly escalated into hungry leers. He clung to Dallas more and more. It was goddamn annoying... except when he was in the mood. Those snide "queer" remarks about him and his meat died down. Hormonal men without any real women around, they started seeing what Dallas always had in the little guy-and they wanted their fill too. Sometimes Dallas even made him oblige, for morale's sake. In return they showed Dallas the deference of a military leader. A pirate captain. He was the reason they lasted long as they did. He'd worked for his old man's car repair business before getting his football scholarship. With those skills and a few beat-to-shit generators he kept the electricity going. They never foraged for food. There was a convenience store, its backroom lousy with literal crates of ramen, chips, jerky snacks. Enough junk to last years-and it was looking like it might come to that. Whatever was going on out there, the military hadn't put an end to it. But Dallas had decided that was alright. He was top dog here, and the mall had everything they needed: cool air, plumbing, water. Ardian. Kyle alone got stir-crazy enough to leave. He promised he would come back if he found someplace safer. He never did. They hadn't gotten careless. No one else had done anything stupid like go outside. But apparently that didn't matter, one day their luck just... ran out.

Dallas had been indisposed when it happened. In the bathroom with Ardian; while Ardian had been very, very reluctant, Dallas insisted they let Churchill join in on the fun. Ardian didn't find tag-teaming hot, but Dallas didn't much care what he thought. He didn't tell King and Gavin any of this, however. King mumbled about being in the atrium at the time. Sitting on the floor with his back against the fountain's side. Drinking his fourth beer of the day. That's when he heard it: "Hello." If he'd been on the opposite side of the fountain hanging with Hunter, he might not have been here talking to Dallas and Gavin. There were three of them-the raccoon leading the back so enormous she could see above the second-floor railings. Accompanied by a coyote and a squirrel, both almost double his height. Women. After a grinning pause everything fell into chaos. The snippets King and Gavin shared didn't help them place their current whereabouts. They only contributed to a greater horror between them. King saw Hunter take a bat to one of their knees. The wood split-"Fuggin' split!"-on the coyote's leg. A leg thicker than the lemur himself. That same knee came forward and socked him square in his face, impacting his snout bloody and sending him moaning onto the floor. The coyote dove after him. She must've weighed at least three tons. The force of her knees cracked old tile. She had been smirking before-not anymore. "That hurt you little shit."

She palmed Hunter's face and grabbed the rest of his head like a baseball. King took off then. He heard a loud crunch when the coyote squeezed Hunter's head apart. Then his limp body sailed overhead, a dead ragdoll heap at King's hooves. Face broken in half, seeping-red. King looked back even when he knew he shouldn't. The coyote was licking Hunter's blood off her hand. Killing had gotten her hard. Gavin really thought he was going to escape. He'd been napping in the mattress store, just about to pass out when he heard a panicked shout. Tom rounded the corner, two other women thudding after the cheetah-just their huge legs visible. Chasing his sprint at a leisurely walking speed. Before they ducked into the store Gavin threw himself off the bed and hid underneath it. The floor shook at the women's approach. He saw Tom's track shoes pounding towards him. Then, feet away, Tom flew off the ground. Snatched by one of the women before he could take his next step. His pleas became whimpers while they cooed at him in their deep feminine voices. His clothes rained down across the floor, torn off like gift wrap. "We're supposed to take as many as we can alive," the fox had said. "Hush," purred the much larger white rabbit. So large she had crawled under the store entrance on all fours. "It's just one. Besides, isn't he a cutie?" Gavin had to lay there, fighting down bile while listening to Tom's choked gurgles. The visceral splintering of his bones. When the moaning women finished, gallons of cum streaked in blood-"Like custard and cherry," he said, looking nauseous during the telling-sopped across the floor.

"You always make such a mess," the fox sighed. "Don't be like that..." The bed flew through the air and crashed down on the other side of the store. Gavin laid prone, exposed. Staring up at two towering women and the twitching, broken body of Tom: skewered between their cocks like a dripping, fuzzy condom. "See? We've got a live one." The news reports said the world's female population had turned feral. They fucked and killed everything that moved. Maybe that had been true in the throes of T-Day. These women, however, walked and talked just fine. They wore uniforms tailored to their giant sizes-nurse's uniforms, like a porn-parody nightmare. And they brought needles. King had taken one in the arm before everything went dark. The rabbit picked Gavin up like a toy, called him her sleeve. She offered a choice because he was cute. He could either take his medicine or let her have some fun-if he could still walk after, she would even let him go. He held out his arm. If the fox hadn't been there to administer the dose, Gavin suspected the rabbit might've made the decision for him. "What about you?" King said, turning to Dallas. "What happened to Ard and-" "Dead," Dallas blurted. "Both of them... or, I dunno, shit. Probably dead, right?" Leave the fag! "Better them than us," he added. And he meant it. "Yeah," King grunted. "Good riddance to dead weight." He had never warmed on Ardian. He brought his small-town views with him to college and his size guaranteed they went

unchallenged. But much like anyone without much going on upstairs, he paradoxically held their star quarterback in the highest esteem despite what he and Ardian did at night. "Sorry about Ardy," Gavin said. "I know you and him were-" "Were what, Gav?" Dallas growled. He bridled his head, drew his shoulders inward. "Nothing, man. Geeze." Gavin held his hands up and took a step back. He might've been big for an otter, but Dallas was mammoth far as dogs went. He deflated with a sigh. "Whatever. So... we all got injections and passed out. They wanted us alive, you said. But where the fuck did they take us?" "Maybe it's some part of the mall?" King suggested. "Some part of the mall," Dallas repeated blankly. "Does this look like the fucking mall to you?" Sometimes he wanted to slap King across the face. And why shouldn't he? He had the patience of a saint with these useless idiots. He carried them through the apocalypse, did everything right. When those women showed up he had been ready to pack up and move on. Alone. Then Churchill had to open his goddamn mouth... He balled a fist. Before he could growl anything at King or Gavin or both these ingrates- "Hello?" -filled the room. "It's one of them," Gavin hissed. "Is anyone there?" "A big one," King whimpered.

Except as usual his vocabulary wasn't quite up to the task. The women who knocked them out were "big." Huge, even. A voice this booming came from someone who would make those women feel like dolls. King and Gavin looked ridiculous. Hunched in a way that emphasized their blocky shoulders: a wealth of muscle they cowered under. King fled first, and Gavin followed. Scurrying across the room like two unwanted insects discovered on a living room floor. But Dallas didn't yell for either of them to stop. Freaking out seemed the sanest course of action, all three of them ramming shoulder-first into the same wall. But it rebuffed them without any issue. Their best efforts answered with the dismaying tink of solid glass. The floor pulsed under them. A shiver rolled through the walls-the entire gymnasiumsized structure hurled into earthquake upheaval. Beyond the glass, a slit of light formed at their feet. It spanned the room and rapidly yawned upward. Dallas squinted against the flashbang. Transparent glass walls still loomed around them, but whatever material encased those walls had been lifted into the air. ...along with the entire ceiling. No more than a black box in the hands of the figure above them. With arms so long it didn't matter where they scattered-she could reach a slender hand in and pluck any of them up with ease. "What the fuck?" King whispered. The largest woman who accosted them at the mall had been 20' at most. This one, well, Dallas had never been great with measurements, though he knew it'd be easier to total her in floors.

Beyond the glass her white-furred midriff stretched out like a living wall. Dallas and the others staggered back, looking up at where the underside of her breasts- "I-is that-" Gavin cut himself off as he broke down into gasps that bordered on hyperventilating. "H-haaaah-how?"" -weren't. 15 floors of woman and she had less formidable breasts than the others. That's when it clicked for Dallas-this 15-story, million-pound woman wasn't any of those things. Above the slope of a chest flat as her stomach she gawked down at them, eyes wide as their own. Which was to say, he gawked down at them. Dallas's lay. His bitch. He wasn't gay but he reasoned you didn't have to be to appreciate a body like that. No muscle, all waistline curves. Ardian. A timber wolf, though he didn't look it. The day he showed up with the other pledges the guys had side-eyed each other. Most members of their frat coasted off sports scholarships. If this twink had one it would've been in professional cheerleading. Dallas got him into the frat no problem. He might not have survived the usual hazing ritual they put pledges through, so he got his own "special" test. And he handled it like a pro. All nine inches. He was naked as well, save a metal collar around his neck. Almost strangle-tight, with a blinking plastic box on the right side. 73 had been printed across the throat in bold blocky text. Dallas had never seen him with his natural hair before today. Wavy, shiny-black. The mall had a beauty salon; even after Armageddon he always dyed his hair cyan. And Dallas stared.

King stared. Gavin stared. It wasn't just Ardian's size that left them thunderstruck. It was what his size meant. Dallas at last saw beyond the giant wolf, noting the titanic structure that contained him. Sterile white walls sprawled in all directions. Getting from one end of this place to the other would've been like hiking across a sports stadium. To comfortably house someone 150-ish feet tall, the ceiling must've hung out of a skyscraper's reach-its alcoves stocked with round fluorescent bulbs big as houses. A more logical explanation came to mind as Dallas looked around their glass cell. With the light on, he made better sense of the two metal cylinders fed in through the open roof. They both terminated at a set of shiny plastic bowls: one red, the other blue. The kind you would see at a pet store. "No," King whispered. Even he had figured it out. "No-no-no-no-no." "Guys?" When Ardian spoke they flinched. His voice remained gentle. A soft flamboyant lilt. The reason the word hit them like a thunderclap had nothing to do with him. "Why are you so tiny?" It had everything to do with Dallas, Gavin, and King. They were the ones who had changed. This 5'4'' wolf's dainty words overfilled their diminished eardrums and made them throb with sound. "This isn't happening." King looked at himself, an impressive draft horse. All his hardwon muscle mass made irrelevant by the simple fact of his smallness. And no wonder their voices sounded so squeaky-they had been reduced to pests. No more than three inches tall.

Ardian let the plastic cover drop. It boomed down out of sight, banging the hard floor far below. Then he plunged his right hand straight into the enclosure-the pet store fish tank-that held Dallas and the others. King threw himself aside as if dodging an explosion. Gavin smacked back-flush against the wall. Neither of them should've bothered, not only because Ardian could grab them no matter where they ran. He also wasn't reaching for them. Dallas stayed put. That well-manicured hand looked so huge it felt like watching a truck in freefall. Scrawny fingers long as he was tall snapped around him, mashing his arms painfully against his sides. The air wrung from his chest in a convulsive, "Whoof," as his ribcage flexed in ways it shouldn't. The strength gap between them became plain in that instant. Except it wasn't a gap. A strength gulf. The fatal difference between a bug and a person's finger. He thought Ardian wouldn't stop squeezing. That his whole body would come apart in this wolf's fist-blood gushing between his fingers like pulp from a particularly juicy pomegranate. But Ardian kept his grip at that fatal verge while ripping Dallas out of the tank. A 250pound man now no heavier than a paperweight, this hand that couldn't fit around his 9-inch cock swallowing him up to his shoulders. He fought on the way up, teeth gritted. Even when his whole body flexed and his neck muscles bulged with effort-nothing budged. He may as well have been wrestling steel girders. When Ardian held him up to an enormous cyan eye, all the fight left him. He looked into the black plate of a pupil snapping tight to better make out his tiny features. He saw his own face staring back.

Recognition passed between them. Despite the warmth that surrounded him his blood froze over. No doubt Ardian felt a tiny heartbeat pounding against the palm of his hand. Leave the fag! Churchill. That idiot. The weasel couldn't content himself leaving Ardy as bait. Maybe he was the sort who got sentimental after being sucked off. Whatever the case, he'd yelled for the attention of the women cornering Ardian. They snapped their heads and looked across the food court. Leave the fag! Dallas had yelled, pulling Church by the arm. This close Dallas couldn't read anything in Ardian's expression. Like staring into the unblinking eye of an animal-senseless, unpredictable. Had he even heard what Dallas said? Fuck, did it even matter? Shoves, smacks, harsh words. A hundred acts of casual mistreatment came back to Dallas then. Not to mention when he had... "pressed" Ardian into service. But wasn't he eager to earn his keep? Most of the time, sure. Or at least some of the time. Maybe. Should he beg? Fuck. Ardian hadn't said a word yet part of Dallas wanted to. But- "Are you alright, Dal?" Ardian slackened his grip and breath filled Dallas's chest. Carried farther from the wolf's face, he shook off his initial panic. Still a bitch. Terrified of confrontation, even dealing with someone he could kill on the spot.

"Be careful," he grated, surprised he still sounded so authoritative using this tiny parody of his voice. "You can't just pick me up like I'm a fucking toy, Ard." "Right," Ardian mumbled. He looked away, fingering some bangs from one eye. Like he always did when he got nervous. A tremor in his hand felt like turbulence in a car, but feeling it gave Dallas confidence. Ardian was still intimidated by him. "Put me back down. Now." Ardian put excessive care into the act, easing Dallas back inside the tank. Gavin and King backed off-making space as Ardian unfurled his fist. Dallas landed on his feet. He jerked himself around, facing away from the others as he composed himself. I could've fucking died. "Alright," he at last said, turning around wearing his usual cool expression as a mask. "So we're what's left. Or what matters now. Let's-" "Did it hurt?" Ardian asked. His words drowned Dallas's out. "Come down here, Ardy!" Dallas pointed to the ground as if addressing a pet. "We're not straining our necks for you." Ardian obeyed without hesitation. After six months he seemed incapable of disobedience. He squatted in front of the table and leaned forward until his snout hung inches from the glass. Fogging it with soft exhales like some freakishly massive predator on display in a zoo. King and Gavin backed away warily. Fucking idiots. Dallas wanted to yell at them. He would, but later-with Ardian out of earshot. It wouldn't do them any good if he knew they found him terrifying.

"I asked if it hurt," he spoke at a deferential murmur. As if apologizing for the enormity of his voice, a whale trying to make himself fit in among rodents. "N-no," Gavin answered. "We didn't even realize it had happened until-" "Never-fucking-mind that!" The anger in Dallas's voice made Ardian wince. "Ardy. You have any clue what's going on here?" "They told me..." "'They?'" Dallas coaxed. "These, ah, women. They wore lab coats." "Like, normal women? Or do you mean..." Ardian pursed his lips. "New normal." "Well, did you talk to them? What did they say?" Dallas glared up at the ceiling, into a security camera pointing at them. "Just that I wouldn't be harmed, so long as I complied." Ardian made a sour face. "They stuck me with another needle after that." "And you passed out?" "Uh, no. Then they took me away and shoved me in here." "What's over there?" Gavin pointed toward a sliding door. Unlike the iron cell door on the other side of the room, this one had a handle. "Have you checked it?" "Just a bathroom." "What does the sign say?" Gavin asked. Most of the time he wore glasses. The women hadn't bothered providing him a tiny pair. "It says, ah..." Ardian gave them an apologetic look, as if he had put the simplified illustration of a person's silhouette in a giant fist there himself. "'No Toys Past This Point.'"

"I mean, they said if we comply we're safe-right?" King spoke up. "For now, sure," Dallas said. A look passed between him and Gavin. The otter might've been his least-favorite person in the room, but for now they had to stick together. Besides that, he was sharp. They both knew a woman's promise was flimsy as paper. It also didn't necessarily apply to them. Just Ardian. "I think we're stuck here for now," Dallas said. "I'm really glad you guys are in one piece. I was panicking, thinking I would be all alone." "'In one piece,'" King scoffed. "Look at us! What if this isn't reversible?" Somehow he had come to this conclusion before Dallas. Ardian, too. The wolf's eyes widened as he looked at them with that thought in mind. Except he wasn't looking at Gavin or King. Dallas felt that stare fall squarely on him. "We don't know that," he blurted. "Whatever this is could wear off in minutes, hours. If they did this to us-they can undo it." "What if they can't, man?" King took him by the shoulders, his squeeze tight enough it stung. His eyes almost popped out of his head. "I can't be the size of some little queer's finger for the rest of my fuckin' life." Beneath his golden fur Dallas went pale. It took King a few dim-witted seconds to register his stunned look, a few more to grasp what he had said. He let Dallas go, looking over at Ardian. None of them had been particularly kind to him.

"It... could be worse," Ardian said, ignoring King's comments like he always did. "If I were small as you guys, we wouldn't have any chance at all-right?" "Yeah," Gavin spoke up before King could open his mouth. "We're counting on you, Ardy." He shot the horse a sharp look, which he thankfully picked up on. Ardian managed an awkward smile. "I'll take good care of you. So, no need to worry." Fucking pushover, Dallas thought with no small amount of resentment. At least Ardian was the normal-sized one, and not either of these two idiots. Dallas could still tell him what to do. But for how long? A low machine hum interrupted their conversation. One of the pipes feeding into their tanks rattled a little, several clinks coming from the opposite side of the chute door it terminated at. Dallas elbowed King, nodding for him to check it out. He approached with reluctancethrowing one leg over the red food bowl, then slipping the other over. He grasped the chute handle with both hands and pulled. Draft horse muscles burst up along his back. Faulty hinges trembled and squealed but refused to budge. He scraped his hooves against the bowl, using all his meager weight to pull. So caught up in his frustrated efforts he didn't notice Ardian's hand creeping behind him. Not until the wolf timidly tapped him on the shoulder. Then he let go, gave a quavering, "H-hands off me, queer!" in surprise. "Let me try?" Ardian asked. As King shuffled aside, Ardian threaded the tip of his pinky claw through the handle.

Dallas had never paid the wolf's claws much mind. They could sting a bit when the two of them closed in on climax and Ardian forgot their sharpness, raking red marks across Dallas's hide. Now their well-filed ends looked downright disemboweling. The laziest flex of his finger popped the chute open. Three rough brown ovals the size of watermelons fell out and scattered across the bowl. Pellets. Pet food, the sharp stink enough of a tell blindfolded. Even without a lid it filled the tank, their smaller more sensitive noses wrinkling. A discordant sound shrilled through the entire room. Ardian flinched, while Dallas and the others clapped their ears. "Feeding time commences," an impassive female voice crackled over a dated speaker system. "In 30 minutes, any of the day's rations that aren't consumed must be eaten by Subject 73. There will be no additional feeding periods for the next 24 hours." "Hey!" Dallas shouted. "Hey, let us talk to whoever's in charge!" "Water, however, will be provided on-demand." The voice droned on without acknowledging Dallas. Another mechanical hum, then water chuckled from the other tube-no door to constrict its flow as it steadily filled the blue bowl. "Subject 73, come to the receiving door-alone. Any toys that pass the threshold will be immediately... disposed of." Ardian rose at once. "73," he said. "That's me. I'll, uh, be right back, okay guys?" "Toys," King muttered. "I'm not a fuckin' toy."

"Hey, where are you going?" Dallas yelled after. But Ardian ignored him. He watched the perky backside he used to cup in one hand-now big as a two-story house-sway farther and farther across the room. The moment Ardian reached the iron door it swung away from him. Dallas couldn't see anything beyond it-as if even the light cringed back from whoever towered outside. Then Ardian disappeared into the dark, and the door slammed behind him. Something tightened in Dallas's gut. A queasiness that almost made him double over; if he'd eaten anything before that, he might've thrown it up. He had found something worse than having to trust Ardian with his tiny life. Not having Ardian around at all. He looked around in search of Gavin and found him standing in the red food bowl, dunking a pellet in water to soften it. "Don't eat that," Dallas said. "Why not?" Gavin tucked the dripping pellet under his arm. "We don't know what they did to it." "They had the opportunity to 'do' whatever they wanted to us." Gavin brought the pellet up to his mouth and took a big bite. His face puckered, it must've taken everything in him not to retch it back up. "What do you think they're telling that queer?" King asked. "They're probably fucking him." Gavin spoke with his mouth full. "Why else would they keep him around?" He sat cross-legged, frowning a furtive frown at the pellet in his lap. Then he looked up over the rim of the bowl where Dallas stood. "We need him," he said.

The thought made Dallas suppress a shudder. "Thank God he didn't turn up dead, huh?" King said. "...yeah," Dallas murmured. He brushed a hand across his ribs. Same muscle as before. A quarterback's muscle. And Ardy had almost caved his chest in with a squeeze. In the end Dallas had his fill of pet chow too. After the initial foulness passed, you got used to it. Three pellets, one for each of them. A normal-sized pet would've needed a cupful of these a day. He couldn't even get through half of one. After a while the door opened. Dallas despised the way he and the others sprang up at once. Like attentive pets awaiting their master's return. Ardian didn't come to the tank immediately, rubbing his arm as if it were tender. He seemed to be making a point of ignoring them. He looked troubled. "Hey! Ard!" Dallas called out. "Get back here." The wolf approached, looming larger the closer he got. It was their first time seeing him waist-down from the front since they shrank. He must've been squatting a bit earlier. Standing at his full height, the tank framed a view of his package: testicles fat as yoga balls seated under a sheath that could swallow Dallas's head whole. He gawked until Gavin nudged him, then shot a harsh glare up at Ardian. "Down," he reminded-absentmindedly placing a hand over his own crotch. The casual reflex of a man outmeasured. Ardian came down a little slower this time, expression pinched with worry. "What happened?" Dallas asked. "They... gave me another shot." "Of what?"

"I dunno. But they seemed friendly." "They're not friendly!" King yelled. "They killed Hunter. Tom. Everyone. They did this to us!" He stamped his hoof, producing a tiny clink from the glass floor. "But not..." Ardian averted his gaze, gave an awkward hum. ...to me, he had been about to say. "What else? What else?" Gavin asked with growing impatience. "Anything about us getting out of here?" A pause. "Or... about what'll happen to us?" "Just that I should comply. No matter what." That wasn't the full story. Dallas could tell. Ardian had always been a godawful liar. The furtive way he kept flicking his eyes their way. Flexing his lips, as if wanting to say something else. Dallas would've smacked it out of him before this. "Ard," he said in a slow voice. His don't-make-me-hit-you voice. Even at a squeak of its former self Ardian recognized it, shoulders rising in self-defense. Another godawful crackle ripped through the room. "Subject 73." A different woman had taken over since last time. "Dispose of the incomplete pellets." He rose abruptly enough that King cried out, stumbling back and falling onto his ass. Ardian reached into the tank, fingering up the three bitten pellets. "Hey!" Dallas shouted, balling his fists. "I was talking to you." But Ardian didn't seem to hear. He pitched his head back then split his maw wide-a maw that could fit any of them-and let the three little pellets roll into his mouth. He didn't chew, just swallowed.

"Sorry," he said, "what was that?" "Nothing," Dallas murmured. No one wanted to talk after that. * They didn't grow back that night like Dallas hoped. Not the next day, either-if it had been a day. When the lights went out they fell asleep, awakening to the ear-splitting buzzer that announced feeding time. And like before the women called Ardian out from their cell. Alone. No toys past this point. He remained cagy about whatever they told him. If they told him anything. Dallas might've just been getting paranoid-the others had no idea he left Ardian to die. Beyond the obvious fact of them being doomed, it left him with this tension he just couldn't shake. Waiting for the other shoe to drop. But Ardian gave no real sign of knowing what Dallas had done, beyond that occasional look. A thoughtful look. But whenever Dallas caught him staring he glared back, challenging him like a territorial animal. It always worked. Ardian glanced aside and fiddled with his bangs. He had offered to set them outside their tank. None of them took him up on it, except Dallas-and only once, for a few minutes. Down on the floor at Ardian's feet he almost had a panic attack. The underbelly of the table, the impossible way the walls stretched up and up into forever... More than anything, it made him realize what these women had taken from him. Not just his manhood-at this size, his and King's and Gavin's claims to being people had been called into question.

Their fourth day, Dallas and the others had gotten up shortly after Ardian left the room, having slept right through the alarm. It hadn't taken long to get used to the taste of kibble. At this point they almost relished it. The portions kept them satisfied through most of the day, but by the time the lights went out their stomachs growled again. Dallas and Gavin had finished eating already. It took more to sustain a draft horse like King; he sat alone in the bowl-the pellet in his hands while he chomped into the center. That's how Ardian found them when he returned. It struck Dallas then how disheveled his fur had become. His eyelids were bruised dark with exhaustion, despite him sleeping more each day. He all but shambled towards them from across the room-the skinny wolf looking even skinner than usual. He didn't offer his usual quiet greeting while looming over the tank. His gaunt shadow blanketed Dallas and the others while he stood there, breathing heavily. Then without a word he struck his hand down into the bowl, snatching Dallas's and Gavin's pellets. After downing them like pills he licked his hand several times before inspecting it for crumbs, whimpering when he found none. His frantic gaze fell upon King. He opened his mouth as if to ask him something, then closed it. "What the hell?" King yelled as Ardian pinched the pellet right out of his hands. "I'm not done." A second later it was gone. "I'm gonna go hungry all day because of you," King growled. "They didn't even tell you to eat our food yet."

"I'm sorry. I just..." Ardian winced, a queasy growl coming from his stomach-loud enough it rolled through the tank. "I haven't eaten." "What do you mean?" Dallas spoke up. "They... haven't been feeding me." "Like, at all?" Ardian showed his teeth in a grimace. "Ard." Dallas raised his voice to an urgent pitch. "Why didn't you tell us? What the fuck is going on out there?" "I think I'm going to shower." Ardian left them at a hurried limp, throwing open the door to the bathroom that may as well have been his private quarters. "We're dead if he starves," Gavin said. "He ate my goddamn food," King grumbled. "Fuck did he think? That he'd stop being hungry if he ate my pellet. These things are fuckin' peas to him. When I get back to normal..." "If." Dallas let them yammer. He hadn't thought much about the way Ardian stood over them at the time. More than his ragged breathing, the others hadn't seemed to notice him clenching and unclenching one of his fists. As if working himself up to something. Maybe it'd be better if he starved to death. Dallas kept that to himself. Ardian didn't come back to their side of the room for the rest of the day. He emerged from the bathroom dripping-wet and collapsed near the wall. That's where he stayed. Slouched low, stroking his stomach like a dying loved one. Even from there Dallas heard its howls.

Anytime he looked over his eyes locked with Ardian's. The wolf licked his chops. Usually Dallas could stare him down. Instead his eyes went glassy. The longer he looked at Dallas, the louder his stomach became. Dallas lost those staring contests. That night, he slept with one eye open. At some point Ardian shuffled upright. He padded over to their tank without making a sound, standing over them in the dark. It took everything in Dallas to keep his breathing calm, muscles relaxed. When Ardian's stomach growled to its demanding crescendo, Dallas shut his eyes tight. He imagined things he didn't want to. Claustrophobic sucks and slurps and stomach-acid pops as he melted alive in those screaming guts-so puny his corpse wouldn't even leave a food bump. Something hot and wet sloshed over his shoulder. It smelled horribly familiar, except amplified into something alien. Ardian's breath. He dared crack an eye open. Above he saw Ardian's silhouette knuckling some drool from his chin. After that he turned away and hurried back to his side of the room. King unconsciously threw himself onto his back. Gavin mumbled something in his sleep and curled into a ball. Both blissfully unaware of what could've happened. What? Dallas challenged himself. What the fuck could've happened? You think Ardian has the balls to do something that fucked? Leave the fag! countered some deeper voice. He never got back to sleep. *

"You're quiet," Gavin said. He and King had just finished with their pellets. Dallas hadn't partaken, or said a word since waking. "Just thinking, s'all," he said. He didn't look back at Gavin, gaze fixed across the room at the door Ardian had trudged out 10 minutes ago. According to Gavin it took a person with access to water weeks before they would starve to death. They hadn't even been here one; this was just another form of torture. The women would feed Ardian, in time. Even so-Dallas had a very bad feeling. Each time he recalled the hungry shape of Ardian in the dark, the image of him twisted into something more foreboding. More monstrous. Until he wondered whether he dreamt it. Then he looked at his shoulder, furs still matted where drool had smacked him. "Well, you can think and eat," said Gavin. "Better hurry before Ardy comes back. You know he lives for these pellets." Dallas held his pensive silence. He almost didn't want to speak his fears aloud-as if that would make them real. "When we were down for sleep..." But he found them coming out of him anyway. As if sharing what he saw would lessen his own horror. "...did you see Ard moving around?" "Uh, no. I was asleep." "What about you, King?" Dallas heard the horse's hooves clicking their way. "Huh? King stopped at Gavin's side. "What are we standing around for?" The door swung open and Ardian stumbled in, shoved forward with a yelp before the door slammed shut behind him. A couple days ago he would've caught and righted himself. Today he fell forward onto all fours.

That's where he stayed, gasping heavily while his limbs trembled. Just when it seemed he would cave on himself, he altogether wrenched his head up. The way he stared at Dallas and the others made them fall silent. Slowly he rose, making a sluggish procession toward the tank. For a moment it looked like he would fall right onto them. He slammed his huge hands down, gonging the rim of the tank. Grasping it as if it were the only thing that kept him standing. Dallas stood near the wall looking out on Ardian, directly under his shadow. He glanced back for a moment and found himself alone. King and Gavin had retreated toward the center of the tank. "Everything okay, Ard?" Dallas asked. "I'm s-sorry, guys," Ardian said. "You're doing your best." Dallas played dumb. "We'll get through this." "Yeah," King blurted in agreement. Ardian pursed his lips tight and shook his head, as if he had already made up his mind about something. "They gave me an order," he said. "What... kind of order?" Gavin asked. "I need to eaaaat," he whined-putting a hand over his howling stomach. "And they said... it has to be one of you. That you have to choose. Now. R-right now! Or..." He was talking faster, more excitedly. "Or they said I have to eat all of you." The way his hungry eyes flitted over them, he didn't seem opposed to that either. "Are you kidding?" It was Gavin who spoke up. He marched past King to stand alongside Dallas. "And you're just going to go along with it?"

"They didn't leave me much choice. And I'm just so hungry. I'm s-starving. Literally starving." "One of us will die and you're worried about your stomach?" Dallas had no idea where this burst of moral grandstanding came from. But he saw the writing on the wall, and with it-an opportunity. With Gavin distracted, he slinked backwards until he stood next to King. They exchanged knowing looks. The horse might've been a moron, but they had both been on the same team. In college-level football you developed a language of eyes and nods. "We can figure something out," Gavin said. "Let's all just put our heads together and-" "Gavin," both Dallas and King interrupted at once. Gavin shut his mouth. For a moment he went stiff before slowly turning around to face them. He looked back and forth at the horse and lab standing side-by-side. "What?" he said in blank disbelief. Dallas looked up at Ardian and said, "We vote Gavin." "Oh, you son of a bitch." Gavin charged then, fists raised. But halfway to Dallas, Ardian reached in-the next instant, a dark blur overtook Gavin. Then he was gone. Soaring from the tank... * ...facing black lips polished in greasy spittle glowing under harsh clinical lights. Their broad-daylight brightness delineated the difference between what might've been a nightmare and reality. The fist sealed around Gavin had the strength to break him with an accidental squeeze. At the same time he felt starved weakness, a constant tremor running through it.

Those bastards. "You can't seriously be thinking of doing this!" he shrilled at Ardian's maw. And from where he hung Ardian was all maw-none of his more delicate features visible to soften the sight of wolfish jaws. Booming canine breaths replied. The animal interior of Ardian's mouth oozed. Thick milky streaks of saliva pooled under a tongue writhing with almost sensual excitement. Gavin had put his cock on that thing before. It felt like a velvet bed at the time. "Choke on me, bitch," he'd said while pulling hard on Ardian's hair. As if he had to punish the wolf for the crime of sucking him off and being male while doing it. Choke on me. The memory of those words left him paralyzed. He squinted through steaming breaths while they belted against him, a keening puppy-dog whine arching from the back of Ardian's throat. A glistening pit that kept winking at Gavin. "Don't w-worry. I won't bite." The words sighed over him, misting his face damp. "Just... don't struggle. For both our sakes. Please." Ardian shunted him facedown and face-first onto his tongue's slippery surface. Let go to sprawl naked across its length, crowded by carnivorous teeth digging hard into his shoulders. He picked his face up and saw the light go out-the roof of Ardian's mouth slamming atop his back like a coffin lid. Oppressive heat stifled the air as he yelled for Ardian to reconsider, but a primal, "Mmm," droned hungrily back. Rattling through his sternum. The taste of otter had hit Ardian's lupine taste buds. And, fuck, he liked it.

Gavin's bare paws alone still felt the freedom of dry, open air. Unoppressed by reeking wolf-breath humidity. He found himself being sucked forward. Pulled by muscular action, gliding on a tongue over which he felt weightless. "Please!" he screamed against saliva catching on his lips, rolling thick down his throat. "Subject 73." The flexing, gulping world stilled for a woman's muffled voice coming from the speakers. "Do not swallow your toys." Giant fingers clamped Gavin by the feet and peeled him all the way out, left to dangle upside-down-slobber oozing off him in filmy cataracts. He knuckled spit from his dripping face and glared lethally into the tank below. "Wh-what the fuck, guys?" he shrilled through his chattering jaw. The open air made for a frigid contrast after being steeped in Ardian's sauna maw. "You voted to get me killed!" Behind him Ardian whimpered. "I'm just so hungry," he said. "Please..." Please. He wasn't talking to Gavin. He was asking for permission to eat him. Everyone here had wanted him dead. He almost laughed. A woman saved his life. "It was just a test." Dallas sounded dumbstruck. The bastard. Golden boy of the group. Always bossing everyone around, with his paws deep in Ardian's jorts-the only tail they had. But Gavin could be furious with him later. He hugged himself, just happy to be alive. "Set me back down, Ardian," he said. "Let's forget this happened." Ardian didn't budge. "As an asset," the woman spoke up again, "we cannot risk you harming yourself. You must chew your food."

Gavin's arms flopped over his head, limp as the rest of his body. Like some medieval gallows corpse. Any loathing for Dallas and King left him then. He didn't have room in his breast-dread took it all up. They averted their eyes from his imploring looks, guilty. But not guilty enough to make Ardian stop. "No," Gavin said, regaining his voice. "N-no way. Ardian. Ardian, you hear me?" Percussive canine pants pounded against his back. Hot and eager as anyone had ever been for his body. He twisted around best he could. "Ardian?" he whimpered. "Sorry," bellowed over him. Deep enough his eardrums blew, a whisper of pain compared to what awaited. Ardian crammed him back into his personal hell of spit and flapping flesh. Heaving sighs that hammered like fetid winds. His tiny limbs tossed over jagged humps. Then Ardian bit down without hesitation, breaking him in four places. * Dallas heard half a squealing scream from Ardian's mouth, then nothing save the snaps and cracks of chewed-apart ligaments. The thick crunch of a ribcage bitten down on like a tough nut. Ardian's accompanying moans made it that much more gruesome. He had always been a careful eater. Never without several napkins from the food court, ready as some 19th-century lady to dab any juices off his chin. Not today. Rill after rill of blood streaked down his cheeks. His eyes swam with tears, but Dallas didn't see any horror in his expression. Just plain ecstasy-the end to his knifing hunger.

It took maybe five seconds before Ardian converted Gavin's entire existence into calories. He wiped blood off his chin, sucked it from his fingers like sauce. And while King went to a corner of the tank to get sick, Dallas kept his stomach steeled with one thought. Better him than me. Ardian finished his meal with his shoulders heaving. Eyes fluttering as he smiled with an ecstasy even Dallas had never fucked into him. The speaker clicked on again. "Let our records show, 73 was not compelled to consume the other subjects. The ultimatum he described was a fabrication to satisfy his own hunger. Further study is required." Ardian's bliss faded. He stood with his jaw slack, remnants of fur and sinewy grit between cherry-tinted teeth. "What. The. Fuck?" King roared over the silence. "Y-you didn't even have to eat him?" "You murdered him." Even Dallas was beside himself; he hadn't liked Gavin-had sent him to his death, in fact. But... fuck. He had let another person get pureed for next to nothing. However many calories Gavin provided, they wouldn't last Ardian more than a day. And then... "W-we're supposed to be working together!" Dallas yelled. "They were starving me." Ardian's complaint almost sounded childish. "We need as many of us as possible, you oversized homo!" King pulled on his own hair until he cried in anguish, half-mad with guilt. "No," Ardian said-a sudden coolness overtaking his usual tone. An instant later the floor of the tank shook and King lay on his back. Pinned under Ardian's hand, stunned face poking from the gap between index and middle fingers.

"You need me," Ardian corrected. King gave a popping rasp in reply. "Ard," Dallas said uneasily. When Ardian responded by pressing harder, he hurried over to try pushing the wolf's hand off. Useless-like trying to upset a bus. "Ardian!" His hand fled fast as it came. King rolled onto his side, drawing in shaky breaths. His chest looked intact but he held a hand against it. Ardian left for the bathroom. Behind the door, the familiar rumble of the shower started. "Fuck, dude, are you okay?" Ardian squatted and offered King a hand. He swatted it back and glared up, still gasping. "Fuck off," he wheezed. "Gavin's dead because of you." "What? You voted for him too. It had to be one of us." "But it didn't. Ardian just made that shit up. Y-you rushed us into it. You're saying you couldn't talk your little boyfriend down?" "He's not my boyfriend." "Whatever, queer." "Better him than us." King finally found his footing. "We'll see," he growled back-shoulder-checking Dallas on his way to the water bowl. * They still got three pellets the next day. As if the women were laughing at them while watching the security cameras. They hadn't planned on killing anyone-not yet, at least. They had done that just fine on their own.

King refused to talk to Dallas. That was alright. Dallas didn't want to talk. He didn't give a shit about Gavin-if King had a lick of common sense, he wouldn't either. He would be right here at Dallas's side. Waiting, watching that massive iron door. A 400' rusted slab from their tiny viewpoints, scored with red marks he had first dismissed as rust. And would have kept on dismissing, if not for that shape. That tiny damning shape. A perfect 3'' silhouette in crusted blood. 73. How many times had these women done this? "Better him than us," he said under his breath. "Better him than fucking us." His throat cramped when the door heaved inward. Ardian returned, and Dallas braced for the same famished stare. The monstrous stomach growls that chased him into his short-lived nightmares before he woke up gasping. But for the first time in days Ardian looked full. More than that: plump enough around his trim middle that it sloshed with a little water weight. His fur was disheveled, though in a different way than before. Shocked through in random patches. It tickled Dallas's memory-but he was too stressed to place it then. "You don't need to worry, guys," Ardian called over to them, almost skipping on his way to the bathroom. "What happened?" Dallas shouted just to be heard. Short of the door, Ardian looked back. His eyelids drooped, smile vacant. If the thought of Gavin digesting in his guts troubled him he didn't show it. "They fed me," he said with unnerving rapture. "And they're going to keep feeding meevery single day."

"That's good!" Dallas almost sobbed, turning his relieved smile toward King. But King was sulking in his corner. The idiot should've been rejoicing. Ardian could eat whatever he damn well liked so long as it wasn't them. "Oh, right," he said while approaching the tank. He stood above them, forgetting to kneel-his package bouncing around in plain view. "They also said I'm their most promising candidate yet." Dallas's smile fled. "For what?" Ardian blinked a few times. His expression changed, as if realizing what he had just said. "Ah... nothing." "What do you mean 'nothing?' We're supposed to be working together." Dallas balled his hands into impotent little fists. The memory of bloody jaws and Gavin's screams left him for a moment. It pissed him off more than anything that he couldn't strangle the answers from this bitch. His bitch. "It's nothing," Ardian assured. "They said I'll never have to hurt you, unless..." "Unless. Fucking. What?" Ardian pursed his lips. He had been doing that more and more now. Keeping things from them, from him. "Fucking talk, Ard!" The wolf's look turned withering. Eyes narrowed in a way that made Dallas flinch, halfexpecting to get slammed under his hand like King the day before.

"Unless I want to," Ardian snapped. The sharpness in his tone said he must've been considering it right then. But immediately after, his smile returned and he hummed on his way to the shower. * Whatever they were feeding Ardian, it was beginning to change him. He used to sit at the corner of the room farthest from the main door. Now he sat leaning against it, waiting for it to open again the way a loyal pet waits all day for its master. Three days later Dallas figured it out, and kicked himself for not realizing sooner. The smile, the glazed expression. Yet it wasn't until a bucketful of jizz spread from where Ardian sat that he understood. The women weren't feeding him out there. They were fucking him. And he liked it. Dallas knew because Ardian wore that fucked-stupid look for him all the time. "We're losing him." Those were the first three words King had said to Dallas in almost a week. It had been two days since that discovery, Ardian had just dried off after getting out of the shower and had gotten to work on his morning routine. It consisted of sitting by the door and caressing his stomach. Marveling at the literal gallon of semen he had ingested while already eager for his next fill. Watching him break down in real time had become a source of existential panic for Dallas. At first he assumed Ardian ignored them out of guilt-he'd tricked them into sending Gavin to his death, after all.

But that clearly wasn't it. Some days he didn't even look their way, except when he came over and finished their pellets. And when the door groaned open each "morning" he no longer timidly shuffled out into the dark. He sprang to his paws, tail wagging-tongue lolling while he panted like a pup. If the women had turned Dallas and King into toys, Ardian was well on his way to becoming their trained pet. I've already lost him, Dallas thought. But after a long pause he answered King by shaking his head, refusing to acknowledge that fact aloud. "Gavin was a one-time thing," he said. "Ardian will keep us safe." "Look at him." King sounded disgusted. "He doesn't give a shit about us. You need to talk to him. Set him straight." "What?" Dallas spun around and glared up at King. "Why the fuck should I?" "He's your bitch, isn't he?" King folded his powerful arms. Not quite as powerful as they used to be. The two of them had wasted away. These pellets didn't have anywhere near the nutrients two college athletes needed. "Or are you scared?" "Ardian!" Dallas yelled in an instant, angry with the wolf in a way he hadn't dared to be of late. "Get over here you fucking ingrate!" Because that's what he was. Hadn't Dallas kept him safe through the apocalypse? And this was how he repaid his kindness? He called again, and again. At last the gloss lifted from Ardian's eyes-an unhappy scowl stealing over him as whatever he imagined was replaced by the reality in front of him. He wrinkled his nose as if disgusted. But he did pick himself up, stomping over to the tank.

"Yeah?" he asked, one hand resting on his hip-drumming his fingers against it. "That's not how we talk to each other, remember?" For a moment Ardian's expression faltered. His lean neck muscles bunched, as if he resisted the pull of a leash only he saw or felt. But then he straightened himself. His mild stare challenged Dallas, daring him to make that demand a second time. "You haven't been telling us shit," Dallas said. "We need to talk." "You're both still alive." Ardian sounded defensive. "We're fine for now." When he moved to turn away, Dallas bellowed, "Don't be an ingrate, Ard." That made him stop. He went very still, and while Dallas knew he had made a mistake he also knew he couldn't take it back. "An ingrate," Ardian repeated. "Is that what I am?" "Ard." Dallas shifted to a placating tone without realizing. "Chill out." "No, no. You're right. I guess I really do owe you-for all those times you whored me out to your friends." Ardian snatched them like playthings from a toy box. Dallas in his right hand, King in the left-mouths opening and closing as if they were fishes on land. Cut off from air by Ardian's painful grasp. "I guess when you think about it, I haven't paid you back at all." He sat down on the floor with his back to the wall. A moment later Dallas plunged, his cry a drawn-out squeak in tandem with King's. Both ending at once with identical high-pitched grunts when they hit the floor. Dallas picked himself up.

"What the fuck?" King murmured. Dallas shared the sentiment while looking around at Ardian's looming inner thighs-surrounding them like walls. He and King pressed together, not wanting to touch them. "Why are you doing this?" Dallas had to crane his neck to glare at Ardian. "You're... you're siding with them right now! Because, what, they're fucking you? You're gay!" The smile Ardian gave seemed broken in some fundamental way. Lopsided enough that one side of his muzzle pulled the other up into a snarl. "Men fucking suck," he said. "You taught me that all by yourself, Dal." While he talked he fondled his balls. Unlike the rest of him they weren't pert. Undeniably a wolf's, heavy enough they slapped the floor when he let them drop. "I just like dick, and that's something a girl can provide these days." "You're selling out to them for cock?" King snorted. "It's their world now, King. They don't have a place for guys like you." Ardian pressed his pointer finger into King's chest, making his back sink into the supple surface of his thigh. "And guys like you?" Dallas looked on, helpless while King threw glancing fists at the finger-unable to make it budge. A girlish giggle pealed above them. Mounds of thigh jiggled while Ardian laughed, the muscle underneath flexing taut. Making Dallas cringe as he kept expecting them to slam shut around him. "I'll never be one of them," Ardian said, "but they saw me and thought I could be 'reformed.'" He drew his hand back from King and let him stumble away from his thigh. Before he found his footing, Ardian lazily swept them forward together like dust.

They tripped over. King landed atop Dallas and rolled off right away. Even then they found themselves almost vying for the same space. Ushered together to stand in front of Dallas's male parts. Balls resting at their feet-his sheath staring right at them. "They said I could keep one of you for myself-if I felt like it. Buuut, I'm not convinced." "What does that mean?" Dallas tried retreating a step but his back found Ardian's palm waiting for them. "It's not like you can satisfy me how you used to," Ardian said. "Even if you could-I've moved onto much bigger things. Miss Ellen's is the size of my arm." "So you're saying-" "I'm saying..." Ardian nudged them forward again. Thrown prostrate in front of his balls as if in worship. "Suck my nuts, you little queers. And whoever polishes me better? Lives." "Fuck that," King said-shoving himself up onto his hooves. "You're the queer, here. Not me, not..." he trailed as Dallas crawled past him. "...Dal? D-Dallas? Where are you going, man?" Dallas barely heard him. Ardian had just showered, yet the wreathing stink of sex emanated from him. A wolf's sex. Potent. Thick. At this size, muskier than a postgame locker room. "Dude," King murmured. But his blatant revulsion couldn't keep Dallas's tongue in his mouth. He tasted the salt of another man's sweat. And while the women of this fucked-up new world order might not have regarded Ardian as a real man, he was objectively more of one than Dallas.

He wasn't gay, Ardian just looked girly enough to pass. He never wanted to touch another man's dick or huff his nuts. The thought brought bile to the back of his throat. But he had sworn he would survive the apocalypse no matter what. And if King was willing to forfeit on the spot... Better him than Dallas. "That's right, stud." Ardian's high-pitched giggles hurt his ears, truncated by a moan that stopped him dead. It sounded so deep, so primal... So male. "I didn't say stop." Ardian tapped Dallas on his back, a single finger knocking him into scrotum folds like wrinkled bedsheets. "There," King said. "You've got your cock toy, satisfied?" "So you're really not going to try?" Ardian didn't sound upset. The opposite, his massive balls clenching with obvious anticipation. "I didn't wanna fuck you at my normal size. What makes you think I'd let you fuck me now?" "And what makes you think you've got a choice?" "Wai-mm!" An instant later King's speech became muffled. Protests Dallas heard above him, flailing hooves thumping hard enough to lash his back. But he kept licking. Deep wolfish breaths blasted hotly through the air. The kind Ardian always let out while getting some really good dick... And licking.

...or in this case: having a former college athlete stuffed waist-deep in his sheath. Squirming helplessly, teasing Ardian's most sensitive part. And licking. King's frantic limbs cast a kicking shadow over Dallas. Soon replaced by a fuller, fatter, arching shape. The air warmed-charged with sexual body heat, and Dallas pounded his hands flat atop either of Ardian's nuts. He used them to prop himself. That's when he stopped licking, tongue hanging out while he gaped at the knotted monstrosity above him. Ardian palmed its bloated underbelly, already too thick around for his own grasp. It used to be effeminate as a cock could possibly be. No larger than Dallas's pinky. Those injections, though... whatever the women kept filling him with clearly had some side effects. His cock towered-almost four times Dallas's height. Thick around as a tree and ridged crazily with bulging veins. At this pathetic size Dallas could hear them throbbing. Each slow drumbeat accompanying another sticky strand of pre drooling down from the head. As Ardian clutched at his own shaft, there came an agonized scream. Equine limbs poking out from under his hand writhed. Fists and hooves that might have broken Ardian's bones glancing off his shaft, supplying pleasure-not pain. "Keep it up, Dal." Ardian pressed a fingertip down on the back of Dallas's head, forcing him face-deep into his musky scrotum. There he slurped away like an animal at his trough, like his life depended on it-because it did. "Don't want to lose both of you." * Wait!

King kept expecting a chance to breathe. A momentary alleviation from Ardian's grasp. He got neither, and the longer he was denied the more it sank in that he never would. I take it back! The skin-on-skin friction didn't burn. Precum slicked the entire underbelly of Ardian's shaft. That let him pump King against, slid up and down the throbbing surface. Crushed against its smothering heat. But the way Ardian squeezedAnother crack, this one in his right shoulder. Something splintering or shattering, sending his eyes rolling in their sockets. Delirious with agony. -King could feel himself breaking. The ratcheting tightness from Ardian's grip more painful by the moment. His free limbs set swinging with the same boneless ragdoll abandon as Hunter's corpse. Please! But he didn't have the breath for words. He'd used up all the air in his lungs on that first huge scream. When a deep, fracturing crunch issued from that same shoulder, he couldn't make any more sound than a broken doll. While he wanted to groan in pain, Ardian loudly groaned in pleasure. Altogether abusing his dick, choking its shaft-King's presence an afterthought. Putting his body into contest with its pounding hardness. Muscles, dense draft horse bones... Crunch. ...all broke, as if dashed against solid rock. It almost seemed a mercy when he lost feeling in his legs. Paralyzed from the waistdown, his spinal cord having snapped.

All this so Ardian could extract another careless moan from himself. And another. He pumped his hand faster and faster. King felt like an eraser being worn thin, his very definition coming apart. Body losing the shape of a person: inside things squeezed outside, coldness in his chest as warmth oozed over his skin. Even in disfigured torture he still wanted to live. Maybe he could, no... no, he would! Ardian would stop soon. All King had to do was outlast him. Ride this nightmare grip past the point of orgasm. He lived to hear the final moan, then came apart. * The same moan Dallas had fucked out of Ardian at least a hundred times had become a monster's bellow to him. As the wolf tugged his towering cock to completion, there came a pop more visceral than the rest. A flimsy balloon of meat blown open. Syrupy droplets pattering hot down Dallas's back-and they didn't have any of cum's consistency. He polished Ardian's nuts with King's blood painting his golden fur. He polished after climax, jizz and King bits on his tongue. He polished while Ardian panted overhead, sitting there. No doubt watching. Sticky fingers pinched him by his tail, hoisted with a hard yank that almost dislodged bone. Even in the air he polished for a few more seconds-then stopped. Swinging like a miniature pendulum. High above the blood-smeared ruin of Ardian's cock, dangling in front of his face. Laughter made a sick joke of his horror.

"Good job, Dal," Ardian cooed. "You always told me you were a survivor, and I guess I believe you now." Dallas wept. His face leaked with tears and snot while cum and blood dripped from his open mouth. Convulsing there as sobs racked him. He'd have been insane not to. "Aw, don't worry," Ardian cooed. "I promise I won't leave you behind." A metallic drone filled the room. Across from them the iron door heaved open, and right away Ardian sprang to his paws-Dallas turning to and fro by his tail. That is until Ardian swallowed him in his fist, squeezing with enough possessive pressure that he cried out. "But you might wish I had," Ardian whispered, taking him from the cell for the first time. Into the dark.
