Feminine moans. Masculine cries. Campus had become a war zone. "-all women have been-" crackled over the television. "-officials say to not trust anything they-" The wall behind the reporter collapsed. "Oh dear god, help!" The camera fell sideways and a crack sliced its middle. The fleeing cameraman fell prone, claws raking against the floor as he was dragged through the ragged hole in the wall of the fifth-story buildinggrabbed by a giant hand. The screen went to static. It wasn't just campus that had become a war zone. Louis flipped through the channels. All static. He turned the television off. One moment he had been at the front of the lecture hall, going through the motions. Teaching biology to bored college sophomores. The next, reality thumbed its nose at his doctorate. Skirts split. Bras blew apart. Husky gasps wrenched from the throats of every woman lining the tiered seats. Sophomore girls had shed their outfits like cocoons. What remained clung in ragged tatters that did nothing to hide their figures. It sounded like the start of a bad porno-the reality was far more terrifying. Everyone in the lecture hall, men and women alike, remained very still. Some male students sat wedged in between their feminine colleagues, caught by their enormous hips. Others had been bumped out from the rows, forced to make way for the suddenly dominant sex. Elongated legs were slung over tiers. The female student body had grown. Every last one. The smallest among them now stood head and shoulders taller than any man there-their

professor included. The largest? Twice as big. One doe in the back: three times, a giantess from the fables. But height wasn't even the most startling development. Some throbbed in the confines of too-tight panties. Lurid bulges straining to break out. The women who had exploded out from their skirts and underwear sat with these additions shamelessly exposed. Over-exaggerated, twitching atop tensing testicles: they had all sprouted penises. A ten-foot pantheress-Lina, Louis believed her name was-pounced on poor Herman, a squirrel sitting next to her. He hit the steps hard enough to produce a sickening thud. She pinned him, enveloped his scrawny shoulders in her grasp. The moment he opened his mouth to cry out, she went to town. His throat bulged, flossed in an excess of panther cock. Male students looked up at the now-towering females, who leered down. Horrified expressions met lusty smirks. Both sides realizing the positions they were in. The classroom devolved into a horrific, one-sided orgy. Louis felt ill-not only from the view, but because of what he felt: relief to be beneath their notice. He didn't bother trying to help anyone. He slipped out into the hallway of the science department building. That was when he discovered this wasn't a localized event. The windows showed the same events playing out campus-wide. Women stories tall cramming their dicks through windows. Pouncing men. Using them. The hallway shook with heavy footsteps. A door flew off its hinges as a towering eagle staggered out, an erection thick as both Louis's slender leopard thighs put together sputtering gallons of precum onto the floor.

He ran. Pulled out his phone-no signal. Tromping down steps, he reached the basement lab. The lights were off; it went unused in the morning. He slipped into the west wing-the perfect hideout when waiting for the cops. The military. A television host who would burst from the closet and tell him this was all a prank. But that seemed increasingly unlikely. The small television on the lab table had nothing left to report. If the gigantic woman who had appeared onscreen was any indication: it was the end of the world. "Dammit," the leopard whispered. He tossed his tie aside. Undid his dress shirt. His outfit felt like it was suffocating him. Tap-tap-tap-tap. His ears perked. He swiveled his head towards the door. Footsteps. No, he realized: hoofsteps. Unhurried, but not heavy. They couldn't belong to one of those ceiling-smashing giants. Even so, he wouldn't take chances. He looked around, fished out a syringe and readied it. Slinking towards the entrance, he pressed his back to the wall next to the door and waited. His hand shook. He had always been a scrawny guy. Never violent. Never confrontational. Even the idea of attacking... whatever the female student body had become left him squeamish. He poised the needle, ready to stab down as the door swung open. What might have been a battle cry came out strangled in his throat. "Professor Halloran?" That familiar voice would have brought a smile to his face any other day. "Lucy," he choked out. The syringe fell to the floor and cracked apart. "I thought you might be down here," she said, looking up at him.

His prize pupil was still a full head shorter than him. Pronounced horns curled about her head, her ears poking from their curled enclosure. Orange hair swept down the right side of her head. Her dress skirt, the very picture of modesty, went down to her knees. "You're... you're normal," he said-his voice shook with hysterics. She pursed her lips. "Not quite." "What do you..." Lucy hiked her skirt up. "...mean." Plain white panties made perfect sense for a mild girl like Lucy. What wasn't plain or mild was the modest bulge hidden underneath. It wasn't one of the monsters that the other girls packed-the ram had a stunted rod. She reached into her panties and fondled it. The look on her face seemed almost... disappointed. "Do you know what happened?" he asked. Lucy seemed to remember she was in the room with someone. She tugged her skirt back down. "I was hoping you might, considering your background." "I'm just a professor, Lucy." "But you used to be more." "Have you seen everything going on up there? It's total chaos! The reporters say you can't trust any woman. They've all... grown, changed. None of them are thinking straight." He paused, looking into her eyes. She had always been a skittish girl-sporting a shy smile. Clopping those cloven hooves on the ground as a nervous tic. "Are you still you, Lucy?" Her expression remained eerily neutral as she looked around the lab. "No," she finally admitted. "No?" Despite being taller, Louis flinched back as she walked past-hooves conspicuously echoing through the lightless room as she made her way across it.

"No," she repeated, fishing around in her purse. "My thoughts are clearer now." Three vials were produced. As she placed them onto the lab table, he approached. "That's blood," he said flatly. Not just in the vials. On her hands, too. Procuring those had been messy. She licked some from her fingers like a predator. "The men may be victims, but the women can get territorial." Her voice remained. There was a hardness, a coldness that had surfaced in her eyes. "I'm not sure if it was bad genes or simply being a ram, but I didn't change as much as the average woman." She took a microscope from the table and thrust it into his hands. "I want to fix that." "What do you mean?" Louis placed the microscope next to him onto the table. He gathered the necessary materials, not because Lucy had ordered him-he needed to know what the hell was going on. "I have semen samples too," she added, removing three more vials from her purse. One was still sticky. Same as the blood, she licked it off without reacting. It unsettled him: like someone had possessed Lucy. "It was my first instinct when all of this happened." A smirk pulled at her lips. "Something I learned from you." "But what do you mean about fixing your transformation? A cure?" "No. I need to get bigger." "Bigger?" "I'm going to be honest with you professor: you're probably not going to make it off campus alive." "What makes you say that?" "Every woman who sets her eyes on you is going to want to pump her cock down your tight throat." Louis gasped, furs standing on end as Lucy-as his student-cupped his ass.

"Lucy." He stumbled away, unsure if he should attack her. Leave her be and make a break for it. For some reason, he stayed and listened. "I'm the only woman I've seen who isn't a complete slave to her instincts. You've seen them: they're like zombies." Louis winced as he heard a violent crash from upstairs. It was followed by a shout. A moan. A wet sound he had grown accustomed to-bucketfuls of spunk sloppily spilled onto the ground. "Their hormones are violently out of balance," he said. "Yes." Lucy swabbed a blood sample and smeared it beneath the microscope. He couldn't help looking in. Flipping on a light by the wall, he observed the blood. "These reactions..." he whispered. "They're... so obvious. What could have caused this?" "That sample was from a vixen on campus. Around 30-feet tall." "30 feet." Louis swallowed, remembering the news reporter. "How did you get a blood sample from a 30-foot woman?" "Easy. She was bitten by a 50-foot mountain lion trying to steal her territory." "This is insane." Louis turned and crumpled into a stool, pinching his brow. "You need to research these samples." Lucy sounded annoyed. She slid the microscope closer to him. "I want you to find a way to trigger the change in me again." "Why, though?" He got up from his seat. This certainly wasn't Lucy. He glared down at her. "Don't you want to stay normal? You're one of the lucky ones." He wanted to shake the thought out of her. "You-" As he raised his voice, Lucy brought a finger to his lips. The way her eyes swiveled to the side, ears perking within the enclosure of her horns, made him peer towards the door as well. Heavy breathing. Footsteps hurrying down the hall. "Shitshitshit," a man's voice.

Thump-thump-thump, a woman's ponderous footsteps. "Found you babe," came her hallway-filling voice. "Sammy," the man tearfully pleaded. "Sammy get the fuck off me! What's wrong with you?" Giggling followed. Overshadowing cries for help. The footsteps drew away. After a few more seconds, Lucy lowered her finger. "Like I said," she whispered, "you won't make it out alive." He hardened his expression. "...without you, you mean." "If I can make it through the transformation with my head on my shoulders... If you can make me bigger than a three-story vixen, or a 50-foot lioness, then-" "Any bigger and you'd be a building." "And if I'm the biggest, I can restore order to campus," she assured. Louis's doubt must have been written on his face. "Professor," she implored. And for a second he swore it was the old her. She took his hand and squeezed it. "I'm our best bet. We don't even know if this is possible." "What if the military comes?" "And if they don't?" "What if... what if the effects wear off and the women calm down?" "And if they don't?" Louis took a deep breath. "Then we die." "Then you die," she corrected. "They're much more interested in the men." It chilled him how clinical she sounded. Like a scientist observing animals in the wild. That's what these women were at the moment: sex-possessed animals.

And Lucy wanted to become queen of the jungle. Without a word, he took a second look underneath the microscope. It certainly wasn't a fancy coastal lab like in the good old days, and Lucy was far from the ideal assistant. Strangely calculating as she had become, she still only had the knowledge of a sharp sophomore. She had worked with him in this capacity before, however. Where she used to shyly ask questions, he instead found her staring at him during the process. Whenever he caught her doing it, she looked away. She had been clever to gather sperm and blood samples. They were perfect specimens. So many unusual details. Complex changes in structure. He noted them all with an unusual sense of clarity. At last, something sane, something he knew how to do amidst the madness of this new world order. And now what-he would make it worse? No, no. He had to trust Lucy. Literally had to; there was no other option. "I've got something," he said. "What?" She hurried over. "I think... I mean, I'm going in blind. This could be a risk to your life, but-" "I don't care." Louis grimaced. "Thought you wouldn't." "What, then?" Lucy tugged his arm. "We need to use the centrifuge distiller. Only, there's a problem." "I said I'm willing to risk my life."

"Not a problem with that. The distiller is clunky. It'll do the job, but it's loud. Loud enough that you can hear it from upstairs; judging from all the noise, there are still plenty of... 'people' in the building who might overhear." Lucy had already taken the vials over to it. Flipping switches that produced a mechanical hum. "What will the centrifuge do?" She began the process of pouring the grisly contents into plastic test tubes. "Filter contaminants. We're going to create a shoddy distillation. These mutagens, whatever we want to call them, are decaying rapidly after the transformation. I fear in a few days time they'll be indistinguishable from everything else in your... and every woman's body." "So we have to act fast." "It's more than that." Louis found himself talking animatedly, as if giving a lecture-ever the educator, even in a crisis. "If this works, we may be able to... this is jumping ahead of myself, but we may be able to formulate a cure instead." "Wait. Instead?" "You don't sound happy about that." "A cure doesn't save your life." For a brief moment, Lucy turned ferocious. She grabbed his loosened shirt and bared her blunt grazer teeth. "I'm sorry," Louis blurted at the same time he did what he was apologizing for: shoving the ram away. "You need to calm down." Lucy brushed herself off. "We need to act fast. And we need to make me huge." She cleared her throat, ran fingers through her orange hair. "Afterwards, I'll bring you somewhere to find a cure. You can even use my blood; if whatever you're planning works, you'll have plenty of my fluids to work with." Her eyes met his, and he saw a flicker of the student he remembered.

"Your safety is more important, though." She took her hands in his. "And if we're going to do that, I need to be the biggest. The strongest." "I trust you," he sighed. "But we'll have to be ready. Once it's active..." Lucy sealed the container shut and began the distillation process. Six samples, six slotsthe exterior trembled like an old washing machine. White and red streaks ran clockwise through the machine's rotation. Soon another color accompanied the blur: black. "I knew it," he spoke loudly over the machinery and jabbed a finger to the glass. "That's it. That's the mutagen. If I had more time..." "We don't." Lucy shut it down; a rash move-she didn't even know whether he needed more time. "What next?" She flung the lid open. "I..." There was that look again. That wild, un-Lucylike look. "I don't know if I should." "Why not?" she hissed. "Professor, tell me what to do, you..." Pinching her brow, she took a deep breath. "We need to do this before someone comes down to investigate." "Hel-lo-oooo?" Womanly sing-song rang down the hall. "Someone's been making a lot of noise." She sounded familiar-though the ponderous footsteps certainly didn't. "Professor," Lucy urged, tugging at his sleeve. He had his eyes glued to the door. "Professor, tell me-" The double doors swung open, making way for a woman who had to crawl inside. "Like, hey, prof!" The huge white rabbit crammed her couch-wide bust through the doorframe; she was a beauty for a few passing moments. Irene: a busty bunny cheerleader, equipped with her usual buck-toothed grin and disarmingly bubbly giggling. Then the rest of her came in.

"Irene." Louis tried his hardest to sound stern as the rabbit rose to her full, monstrous height: more than twice his own. Her ears folded against the high ceiling. Long strides cleared the space over tables-everything that wasn't pinned down trembled at her approach. That went double for the veiny pink erection between her legs. Accompanied by those grossly exaggerated basketballs knocking about between her legs. "I can't believe no gal was lucky enough to claim you yet!" Her supple white fur stood on end as she shuddered. Precum gurgled from her slit as it plopped against the last table separating them. He went to run. With a playful, "Oop!" Irene seized his underarms and swept him off his feet. She held him effortlessly as he would a toddler. "You weren't trying to run before I put this inside you, were you?" "Professor!" Lucy called again. "What do I do?" "Easy, Irene," Louis said. "I don't think I'll... survive a round with that." Irene knit her brow in genuine confusion. "Like, did I say you would?" She stepped over the lab table and slammed his back to the wall. Huge hands possessively curled around his biceps. "Use whatever you can to separate the black fluid from everything else," he said hurriedly. "G-get a syringe. Inject it." Pain shot through his arms as they were gripped-held so tightly they felt locked in vises. There was no doubt in his mind that she could break his arms. And her apathetic expression told him she would. "Are you still talking to that skank?" She giggled. "Oh, professor. Don't worry about her: soon you'll be so full of me that you'll have more cum in your head than brain. You won't be able to think about anything other than my huge..." She hooked her thumbs into the collar of his

undershirt. "...throbbing..." Easily as tissue, she shredded the shirt's front open and then buried her snout into his stomach-matting his furs in saliva. A slow, sensual tongue drag that trailed up. Stomach. Chest. Chin. "Co-ck," she clicked out before forcing him to scrunch his face as she licked it. "Irene, I'm your professor," Louis hurriedly informed her. "You're experiencing a massive hormone imbalance, and-" "And the only way to fix it is fucking you." The pain almost paralyzed him. She either didn't know her own strength or didn't care. The outcome: he was slammed down onto the table. She worked fast-stripping him down. Not undoing his belt so much as ripping the buckle off in one hand. Digging her fingers into his dress pants and shredding them off like wrapping paper. No matter how many times he cried her name, Irene's eyelids remained drooped; it was the sort of primitive, hypnotized expression heretofore only known to men. She really was going to fuck him with that thing. It didn't matter if it wasn't supposed to fit-she could make it. A violent thud. Irene went flying. Tables split apart in a cacophony. Suddenly, Lucy was in front of him. All her modesty, destroyed in a growth spurt: mousey skirt dress nothing more than cloth ribbons. The horns she had used to batter Irene scraped the ceiling. Her determined glare remained focused on the sprawled rabbit groaning in a wreck of shattered glass and broken table. And between her legs, it pained Louis to see the equally horrifying cock that had engorged to full mast. "You bitch!" Irene shrieked. Rubble clattered as she leapt to her feet. "I'll rip you apart and then fuck our professor's brains out."

"He's mine," Lucy growled; her voice had grown husky and assertive. Too loud for any man to talk over. The illusion of meekness evaporated as her words vied with Irene's to fill the room. The two sophomores collided in front of him. Hands clasped. Forehead pressed to forehead. Breast squashed to breast. Above the waist, it was almost a titillating view. But then there was the reality of their size. Twice his height, their missteps shook the floor. Their erections nuzzled up against each other-as if trying to make peace while they grappled. Their arms shook. Teeth bared. Powerful thighs tensing. And then Irene began to lose ground. Lucy bowed her head lower against the ceiling. The last gasps of her outfit gave way as she surpassed Irene. The rabbit yelped as she went flying backwards. Tables broke and toppled in a crashing cacophony until she hit her back hard against the wall. No more bubbly bunny-as she hopped to her feet, there was only a territorial, sex-crazed beast who had just lost out on her lay. She let out a low growl more suited to a dog. It died out a moment after. Her fists unclenched, eyes widening. Lucy was on her knees, and her horns still scraped the ceiling. Her cold expression betrayed nothing. "This is my territory," she said, picking up a table and flinging it in Irene's direction. It smashed apart against the wall. "Got that?" Irene became a white blur that barreled out the exit.

Louis went still. He was safe from Irene, but that left him alone with his science project. Sprawled vulnerably on the table-right next to her huge flank. Lucy's deep sighs filled the room. Maybe she had forgotten about him? Lucy tilted her head a fraction and their eyes met. He stopped breathing. Irene could have split him in half with her dick. Lucy could have split Irene in half with hers. "It worked," she said. "Y-you're still sane?" A ghost of a smile danced at the edges of her lips. "Sane as I was." The smile gave way to a pained expression as she smacked her growing back hard against the ceiling. Flecks of debris streamed down her shoulders. "...and still growing." It hurt at first, but Louis ignored his back's protests and crawled along the table. He scrambled off then turned in the direction of his expanding pupil. "H-how big do you think you're going to get?" Uneasiness burrowed into Louis's gut. Unceasing ram grew towards him. Each second, she swelled to more impossible proportions until the lab seemed to box her in. Tables made way for the bulk of her massive legs. Her broad, bare back rested flush to the ceiling, bowed head encroaching above him. Boulder-sized breasts ran the width of the room, deforming around the outline of an erection thick as his car. "Big." An answer loud enough to make him flinch. He looked around what remained of the room. "Your hip is blocking the door," he blurted. "I can't get out." A lazy swing of Lucy's hand proved him wrong; it smacked a hole in the wall as if it had been ready to collapse. "Go," she ordered, still growing towards him. "I'll meet you outside."

His dress shoes struck the tiled floor, tapping footsteps overshadowed by walls groaning behind him. The ground shuddered as they gave way. He risked a glance back as he made it to the stairwell-a rubble-caked left arm filled the entire hall. For a moment it rested limp, and then the ram's fingers gouged the tiled floor, the wrist arched up and touching the ceiling. No point worrying about Lucy: she was a big girl. Louis, on the other hand, had to get out. By the time he arrived at the first floor, it had already begun breaking apart. The basement was running out of room for its single, massive occupant. Zigzagging faults formed in floor tiles. Splotches of combed-down tan fur peeked through. Flitting past the lecture hall he had been teaching in, he glimpsed horns cleaving the tiered seating apart. Barreling aside any men or women left behind-swallowing them into the collapsing structure to be crushed under rubble. He leapt over unconscious men, guiltless as he thought, Better them than me. Even the women most commandeered by their cocks seemed to have enough foresight to make a break for it, thundering past him as their longer legs assured an easy getaway. Even with all three floors of the science department preparing to give way, the second sunlight kissed his fur, he halted on the top step of the entrance. The early analogy of a warzone had been apt. Bodies littered campus. Male students sprawled, jaws unhinged as cum leaked from their mouths. Stripped naked, bellies bloated: fucked relentlessly by girlfriends, coworkers, teachers, fellow students. He lunged for the guardrail as cracks skittered along the stone steps. No use hesitatinghe raced down. Before he could make it further, someone shoved him. He hit the pavement with a grunt. Rolled a few times.

"Shit," he rasped, running a hand along the back of his head. Blood. "Heeey, professor!" Never had he thought such a cheery voice would give him chills in broad daylight. Irene skipped down the steps, disregarding the bodily harm her playful shove had inflicted... and the fact that the front entrance collapsed a few seconds after she walked away from it. "Irene," he feverishly murmured. His vision swam as he tried to focus on the visibly aroused rabbit plodding towards him. "It's not safe here. You... you need to get away. The building is about to come down!" "Yeah, on that stupid ram's oversized head. Guess you decided to ditch her for someone more fun, hm?" As she sauntered closer, chunks crumbled off the building. Louis struggled through worsening tremors to make it onto his feet. At the same time, Irene dropped to her knees and started a sultry crawl towards him. "You gave me a serious case of blue balls," she purred. "I'm not mad, though. You're gonna make it up to me, cum-dump." Even on hands and knees, she was taller than him. The tank of a woman wiggled hips that could flatten a couch-an underlying threat that she would heave her tonnage onto him if he tried to run. As she came to take up more of his field of view, the building in the background roared down. The shadow of a horned head erupted from the roof. Titanic arms the size of subway trains exploded out the sides of red brick walls. The fallout at last wrested Irene's attention as she twisted around and looked up at the colossus surging from the rubble. Ascending to her full height: story after story of woman.

Lucy stood-a divine blot limned in sunlight. Massive as the freshman apartments across campus. Tree-thick fingers trawled her short hairs, scratching flecks of building off in red cataracts. A shake of her monolithic head followed. Some poor zebra clinging to her right horn lost her grip. The ten-foot woman plummeted, struck a jutting bus of ram penis halfway down. It didn't so much as budge where she landed then bounced. Limbs flew like a ragdoll's before she crunched somewhere inside the rectangular pit of powdered rubble at Lucy's hooves. "Well, whatever," Irene whispered as she returned her attention to Luis. "She's too big to bother with you. Soon, she'll stomp off, and then-" Louis's ears rang. Red mist sprayed his front as he went flying onto the grass. He sat up. Irene had been replaced by a cloven hoof massive as herself. Shiny. Black. Painted the same red he was. His reflection gaped horror back at him. The hoof lifted with a gravelly crackle. Dirt spilled from its bottom and piled into the stone pit it had gouged. Inside laid what remained of Irene, distinguishable as a red smear only. Her execution complete, Lucy drew her massive leg back to again stand in the science building's rubble. Louis dared look up. His heart stopped as he met his student's gaze from what felt like a world away. Her passionless expression left him petrified. Those passionless eyes reserved a certain contempt reserved for an unsightly bug on the floor. Air whistled around the ram's body as her tonnage heaved downwards. Instinctive terror forced Louis's hand up. Useless self-defense as the giantess squatted. Memories of the news reporter came to him as the inescapable strength of her furred fingers corralled him into the prison of a fist. One squeeze and he'd be pulped like an orange.

Her fingers unfurled. Sprawled on a palm, Louis was now stranded above the world. Level with his student's exposed hillside of a bust. Above hovered her neutral expression... calm lips slowly giving way to a smirk. "You look absolutely terrified." Her voice brooked no intimacy. Each word invaded their surroundings. Announcing a once-meek student. Turning the heads of terrified men. Horny women. "It worked," Louis managed in a pinched voice. "How do you..." He paused to wet his parched lips. "How do you feel, Lucy?" Her smile persisted; a bored, bemused sort of expression accentuated by lazy-lidded eyes. "Never. Better." Whiplash hammered his senses as Lucy ascended from a squat to full height. His perspective rocketed upwards, and he had some vague sense of what it meant to be her size... only without the security. Without the certainty that falling wouldn't reconfigure his skeleton. She paid no mind to his protests, dumping him on top of her head. Coarse hairs bobbed beneath his hands. At his sides rose horns like parts of some intricately carved holy site. He clutched the one at his left. "Lucy," he said uneasily, never one for heights. "Is there somewhere safer you could hold me?" "My breasts, if you'd like. Though I suspect you might get crushed between them. Or how about my mouth?" An immediate answer fled from Louis's head as he took in the view from above. At least a hundred feet in the air, he stared out at the ruin of the campus he had attended for over a decade now. Past the idyllic stretch of trees, smoke reveled on the horizon. Every dorm room and department had been pocked. Car alarms sang in discordant harmony with fire alarms.

And of course there were the women. None quite the existential threat that was Lucy, but all huge enough to ravage Louis within the first few seconds of intimacy. The only thing between him and that madness was his student. "Up here is good," he murmured. "Then let's take the new me out for a test run." Before he could tell her otherwise, winds blew at his fur, sent the debris-encrusted hair beneath him rippling. He dug his fingers into the horn's natural ridges before peering over the ledge of her head. Dirt and stone alike were pulverized beneath her hooves. The prints they left mapped strides that hurtled over dozens of feet. The world shook, concussed by her advance. Benches, kiosks, trees-all broke without resistance. As did people. She could have taken any route. There were no obstacles at this size. Evidently, Lucy wanted obstacles. By the time she was coming for them, it was too late to run. A grotesque orgy had been taking place by the college's fountain plaza. Its amphitheater seating arrangement was a jail of men still in the process of being used, or had been used to what Louis prayed was only unconsciousness. "I knew I could count on you, professor." Excitement was plain in her resonant voice. "Your lectures always inspired me. I used to want to be a professor as well, but I'm a very anxious person. When I teach a lesson, I prefer..." She paused to impale her hoof into the crowd. "...brevity." Gut-wrenching crunches followed. Rows of seats and their occupants were smeared into the ground. Blood mixed with the fountain water as she trampled them.

"Lucy, they're still students!" Louis cried. "There's no need to hurt them. They can't hurt you at all!" "No," she agreed without halting her life-ending stroll. "But I can hurt them." "W-well stop, please." When she didn't, he begged: "Please," again to no avail. He should have known better than to make demands. The morality he was trying to appeal to simply wasn't there. Looking down from her head should have clued him in on that: interrupting the view to the ground was her absurd erection. It gave a contented throb as they both surveyed the wreckage. "Why did you do that?" he whimpered. "Because I wanted to." Lucy marched her gore-streaked hooves forward. She arrived at the freshman dorms, the tallest buildings on campus. Turned out she was taller, able to rest her chin on the roof of one if she felt like it. She gouged holes in windows and walls, making ragged cuts with her fingers. "You're still a person." Louis trembled. Due to the heights. The knowledge that he was perched atop a gigantic, murderous psychopath. Lucy went still. The sounds of a campus in shambles were permitted to return for a few moments. "Professor," she slowly began. "Answer me this: If you met an attractive woman. The most beautiful one you've ever seen. So perfect you wanted to pounce on her and fuck her brains out, what would you do?" "Lucy..." "Answer." Her command reported across campus as an explosion. Louis flinched. "I'd, ah..." He took a deep breath, gagged a little-Irene's blood was still all across his front. "I guess I'd ask her on a date."

"And if she said no?" "That'd be the end of it." Laughter was an unsettling sound coming from Lucy. An avalanche that rumbled up from her bottomless throat. "Things are different up here," she explained. "These women aren't insane like you think they are." "They're taking men and fucking them unconscious. Crushing them. Eating them in some cases." "Eating them?" Lucy hummed to herself in a few moments of deliberation. They passed as she punched through the dorm wall. Out came a man ousted from hiding-a wolf. Dangled by his feet in front of her snout. "What an interesting idea." "Lucy, you're not even a predator." "First time for everything." Her victim put up a valiant struggle. Louis glimpsed parts of him from above, grey-furred limbs flailing out past her teeth. Cries for help went heard only by Lucy and someone helpless to answer. Her powerful fingers repeatedly bullied him back inside. I did this, he realized. Above all else, he had wanted to survive. But this? His star pupil, the girl who animatedly asked him questions seniors didn't think to ask? There was blood on his hands. With a wet slurp, the wolf's cries were silenced. Lucy had been playing with her foodevidently, she was done. An exaggerated gulp followed, then she sighed, smacked her lips. "You'd give up on the girl because you've done all you could," Lucy spoke as though the wolf had been a handful of popcorn scarfed down mid-conversation. She turned from the building and went on her way. "If I saw her like this, I'd take her, put her somewhere only I could have her, and drown her in cum."

"J-just because you're stronger doesn't make it right, Lucy." "No, but I'm starting to learn that right doesn't mean much from up here." "Are you done on campus? I still need you to get me to safety." Safety. The very word made him hopeful. A hospital. A military installation. Someplace where he could relay his information on the mutagens. If they acted soon, maybe some women could be cured? The world could go back to some semblance of normal. Lucy chuckled, slowly shaking her head from side to side. "I always had a crush on you, professor." She stopped walking when they reached a frat house. Whatever happened there, it had been graphic. Half the building was demolished, and a mound of cum coated the wreckage. Some poor souls had drowned in it. There must have been a mixer of some sort when women began changing. There was a pool set up outside. Some jumbo-grade blow-up variety, which Lucy stooped to pick up. She turned it over and dumped the water out before holding it like a bowl in front of her. Gravity worked against Louis as she threw her head forward. His grip broke and he plunged. The pool's cheap plastic bottom bobbed like a trampoline as it broke his fall. Its air was tinged with a vague coppery scent pumped by a hose. The inflatable walls rose high, distended by Lucy's grasp. "You shouldn't take this personally," she said. "Any runt born in the jungle has to be opportunistic. They can't survive without taking risks. Making dangerous moves to become queen." Louis looked around, as though there might be some avenue to escape suspended so many stories off the ground. "I don't think anyone on campus will contest you anymore, but I thought you wanted to help me fix things."

He recoiled as hot air blew against him. A powerful snort had erupted from Lucy's nostrils. "If I could have used force to get you to make me that serum, I would have. Luckily, I had cunning-and your trust." "Lucy, we can still fix you. Fix everyone, maybe." "That's the problem, professor." For a moment, Lucy's downcast eyes betrayed a glimmer of sadness. "I would have loved to keep you around as a plaything. You are cute. But I don't want to go back." She looked out at campus, then down at him with an expression hardened by resolve. "Not. Ever." "I'll do anything!" So much for his guilt. He would gladly doom the world for his life. "Just... hold onto me for the next few days. I won't be able to tell a soul what I found out, and after that it'll be too late." A thunderclap of girlish giggles rocked Lucy's body. Her tremendous chest heaved; lips curled back to reveal flat teeth in a brief grin. "What?" he moaned. "What is it?" "Oh, nothing." Lids drooping, her eyes glazed over. There was the expression he had become so familiar with today. It had been terrifying when Irene looked at him like that. Lustfully leered down at by Lucy, he almost couldn't breathe. "...just thinking how this pool looks like a condom from up here," she finished. Louis's stomach dropped. The plastic floor became a wall as the pool reoriented: bottom facing Lucy. He hit the interior rim of the inflatable wall. His surroundings darkened. The air grew mustier from water and some new, unpleasant smell. The pool made for a perfect fit.

There was no way out. Nothing he could do except scooch away until his back thumped the pool floor. Far as he could go to create as much space between himself and what blocked the way. The pool's sides squealed from the exertion of being banded tight around Lucy's bloated cockhead. Knees drawn to his chest, Louis kept himself from touching the aroused organ. It nestled uncomfortably close, the entire head plugging up his path. A hollow sound followed as the inflatable wall above him quivered-an echo from Lucy rapping her pinky against it. He looked up. Translucent material distorted her face across it. "Try to enjoy yourself, professor." He bounced where he sat-snared in an environment enslaved by the whims of her cock's every twitch, throb, or sway. "Or at least know that there was nothing you could have done differently. You helped your student flourish in this new world, as a teacher should." "Lucy, be reasonable." His words echoed back at him. "Lucy?" His shoes squeaked against the pool as he tried to stand. Movement around him made it infuriatingly impossible without bumping into Lucy's penis. "Lucy!" He punched the pool floor behind him. "God dammit, let me out of here, this isn't funny." She didn't seem to think so either. Judging from the throaty sounds outside-she found his plight arousing. Or perhaps he didn't factor into it at all? Her eyes were closed. Hands roaming the enormity of her shaft. Exploring its fresh nerves. Lost in pleasure her body previously couldn't understand.

Still, he tried. Head thrown back, top of his lungs: "Lu-ceeeeee!" Until his face was soaked in a bucketful of precum. His cry cut out as he started hacking. "Fuck," he wheezed, trying to spit out the acrid taste. Plap. Another thick bead struck down, this time to his left. The overpowering scent made him gag, and that was only from two droplets. Plap. Three droplets. Plap. Four. Then five, six, seven, eight in quick succession-or maybe just five was one long, oozing stream. Lucy's cock came equipped with equally immense balls. After ignoring her feral sex drive for so long, it must have been in a hurry to prime itself for a christening orgasm. Pre had gathered up to his waist. Each movement the masturbating ram made caused the pool's contents to slosh. It splashed his face, got in his nose and mouth. Up to his shoulders now, and that was while standing. He had to struggle to keep some semblance of footing. Sometimes submerged, other times bounced against Lucy's prick. Forced to push against it to stay away. Ram sex infected the air. It left him lightheaded-or maybe that was from this entire ordeal. His lamentations over Lucy had given way to a more primal need to survive. Enduring this hellish gauntlet was his only means of escape. Fuck saving the world. Fuck his doctorate. He wanted out of this pool.

His pleas were still ignored. He prayed to Lucy as though she were some uncaring goddess. Uncaring was a fair descriptor, because his prayers went unanswered. Her mindless moans rolled throughout campus. She pumped her cock as though possessed by it, leaving Louis to fester in his dread. He observed as her cock slit dilated again, paving the way for more pre. Lucy had been right-this pool was far too much like a condom. Now only the thinnest pocket of air remained. He had to swim for it. Keeping his lips pressed to the ceiling. The time for dignity had died; he scrabbled against her sensitive cockhead to keep himself afloat. In time he worked to stimulate his student, thinking maybe her orgasm would be the end to all of this. One way or another, it would be. "Oh, professor," Lucy sighed as though they shared a bed together. "I knew you'd enjoy it in the end." The world shook as she fell to her knees. Her precum filled the entirety of the pool. No more air: Louis opened his eyes against the stinging fluid. Heard his student's words while underwater. "It's almost romantic." He flung his arms through the gunk and put his all into arousing the ram. All his time at this school, and what had it gotten him? "Thank you," she sighed. Dick. Transparent pre was replaced with the pearly murk of cum. It lathered Louis and left him unable to move. The first spurt launched him against the floor of the pool-condom. It coated him like a sticky cocoon. One that grew with the next spurt. And the next-the pool swelling resiliently. A balloon ready to burst.

Lost in Lucy's orgasm, Louis's lungs burned. Snared by seed so thick he couldn't move his limbs, he saw no other alternative. Any fight in his limbs gave out. His jaw slacked. He let out a choked groan. Then tried to breathe.
