The streets rumbled with a rhythmic shake, the earth itself quaking as the distant sounds of car alarms blared all throughout the city. With his heart beating in his ears and his breath only coming in short, terrified gasps a lone lion turned into an alley, praying for safety from his pursuer. The feline had to cover his mouth as he witnessed the horror populating the alley, bodies of men, rounded out, crushed flat, bloodied, and broken, some poor bastards still alive enough to groan and reach out a hand as he ran past, trying to beg him for help. They could go fuck themselves though, after all it wasn't HIS fault that they got caught so quickly. The lion collapsed against the alley wall, the cold brick at his back and the damp tar beneath his ass. His mind was throwing itself into a tizzy as he tried to make sense of what was going on, the sounds of crashing and chaos through the city not helping him think any. It was fine, he huffed, grabbing his chest and letting out a long sigh to try and steady his breath, 'If I can just escape the city then I'll be fine... I can't use a car because I'll get caught, just slow and steady.' He thought to himself, slapping his face with his paws to psyche himself up. "THERE YOU ARE~" The voice came from above him, terrifyingly loud and booming through his very bones. The lion shuttered as he slowly turned his head upwards, seeing the smiling beak of the receptionist that used to work the front desk at his firm. Normally seeing her on top of a ten-story building, peering down into the alley below wouldn't be so terrifying, her beautiful black, white and blue feathered wings able to take her up to those heights easily, but looking down the alley back to the street made the lion shrivel up and whimper. Those jet-black talons were sunk into the concrete of the road, easily crushing the stone under her size, a faint misting of red that made the lion squirm coating her claws. "Hold still now 'Sweetie' I'm still getting used to this~" Her tone was so calm, teasing even, her eyes rolling as she addressed him, heavy sarcasm and years of annoyance at the lion and those like him evident in her voice.

His legs were on fire, his breath still catching in his throat as he craned his neck to look up at the massive blue jay peering in through the gaps in the buildings she was so easily towering over. Dust and shards of broken brick started to rain down as her hands grabbed onto either of the buildings, stressing their very structure with her impossible strength. The falling debris made the lion break eye contact with the giant bird, coughing as he tried to stand. Maybe if he ran he could get out of the alley in... time... The lion's heart DROPPED into his stomach as he saw a worming, slithering pink mass start to explore into the alley. The feline whimpered, nothing but a kitten stuck in a storm at this point as he watched the dripping, drooling dick of the oh so recently female receptionist approach him, worming its way past the bodies and soon-to-be bodies of the already caught and disposed of males lining the alley. "P-PLEASE N-NO!" He pleaded, his feet unable to move through the paralyzing fear filling his body. The bird only cooed as she heard her prey's whines, her massive, prehensile member wrapping its tip around the lion's body, easily lifting him off of his feet and pulling him free of the alley. The lion struggled, his chest being CLENCHED around as he felt the sickening throbs of the cock wrapped around him, his hands slipping on the natural lubricant that covered her impossibly large member. Ira lifted up her recent catch with that wiggling member, snickering and letting out a soft moan as she felt his struggling. She lifted the lion high, a good eight stories from the ground, under the shadow of her massive breasts, each one easily the size of a semi-truck without its trailer. "How about we make a deal~ If YOU can remember MY name, I'll let you live!" The bird cooed, a massive hand reaching down to wrap a finger thicker than the lion's torso under his chin, picking his head up to stare up at the brilliant blue eyes of the jay. The lion's eyes shrunk as he gulped, his body slowly getting crushed in the grip of the throbbing member wrapped under his arms. He had no clue... She was just a receptionist that the boys at the office would make bets about and flirt with, hell he always thought she was just there to be a form of inspiration for the salesmen. "I d-don't HARLK!" The lion's arms went tense as his eyes bulged, his throat heaving as he hurled up blood onto the massive bird's finger. "It's Ira~" The bird cooed, her cock loosening as she let the lifeless body of yet another one of her tormentors fall to the street with a nasty crunch. A smile spread across Ira's beak as she looked down at that broken douche bag, one of her hands grabbing onto her breast, squeezing it softly as her other hand felt the slippery warmth of her newly acquired cock wrap around it. The pleasure of hunting down these 'Alpha-male' investors that used to torment her day in and day out was reaching a boiling point, her head falling back as she let out an earth-shaking moan, her cock spraying like a fire hose to bury the crumpled feline's body in a thick puddle of seed. Gallons upon gallons of spunk soon dyed the tarmac white, her pleasure never waning even as the final spurts from her gargantuan dick splattered onto the street. She wasn't done hunting yet, she had no clue if this power would be temporary or not so she HAD to make the most of it. Just like those bastards used to remind her; she needed to get out and live a litte while she could!

Not even a week ago they would crowd around her desk. Their boss was some snobbish Wall Street millionaire that always pressed his ideals onto everyone around him. Market didn't open until 9:00 but everyone had to be fully dressed, in the office and ready at the drop of a hat by 8:00. And the stars of this lineup? Almost exclusively big cats, some blatantly racist thing the boss would always say about 'Predatory Instinct' making them better at lusting over money all day long. Naturally when all of these 'Alpha Male' types were all crowded in an office with an hour of downtime every morning, Ira was the one that had to deal with all of their shit. The bird let out another long sigh as another shitty pickup line was tossed her way. "Hey sweet cheeks, if I sell a million this week you gunna come over to my desk to give me a big bonus?" The crowding cats roared in laughter, none of them any type of interesting or different from each other, all simply pigs with over-inflated egos. Ira knew better than to talk back though, the boss would have her head if she 'Distracted his salesmen' as if her outfit wasn't doing that anyway. Dress code for the salesmen was business professional, button up shirts, suit jackets and ties with well polished dress shoes, as if to solidify Ira's notion of them all being the same. Ira, however, was forced to wear something 'More accomodating for her figure' which translated to a pair of black leggings that accented her well sculpted thighs, a tube top that 'Wouldn't get in the way of her wings' that barely clung on to her plump rack. She knew the only reason they hired her was to be a piece of eye candy, something to sit in a cage to let the boys lose their minds to, but at this point? It was just killing her, slowly.

Just as the blue jay was about to dig her talons into the nearest asshole who bothered to flirt with her a voice came over the intercom. "PRIME TIME BOYS! STOP OGLING THE EYE CANDY AND MAKE ME SOME FUCKING MONEY!" The cats around her would hoot and holler as they ran off to their desks to make their calls, leeches on society's fat that thought they were apex predators. The sound of a coffee cup being placed on her desk made Ira look up from her keyboard, the new intern standing there with a smile. Scott Williams, an adorably innocent looking panther, somewhere in his young twenties and somehow already ready to sell his soul to a place like this. Unlike the rest of them, he hadn't 'Earned' his suit yet, a basic button-up helped distinguish him from the rest of those pigs, that, and a soft smile on his face. "Don't let'm get to ya Miss Ira, another day, another dollar right?" The panther's smile and gesture of coffee made Ira let out a relaxing sigh and put on a smile, he was the only one of these idiots that even bothered to remember her name, and the sentiment wasn't lost on her. "Thanks, Mr. Williams but you should get to your desk before the boss sees you~" Ira winked as she wrapped her hand around her coffee. "Daww c'mon, you can just call me Scott~" the panther purred as he bounded off to work, a little more spring in his step than before. Ira leaned back in her chair as she sipped her coffee. The sounds of cold calls, swearing, yelling and every other sound you would expect from an investment office filled the air behind her but her job was pretty much done for the day, she babysat those 'Alpha Males' for her hour, and now it was time for her to relax.

Clicking through the news as she sipped, Ira came across a few interesting articles. Nothing super important to her, most of them half the country away but a string of blackouts seemed to be rolling through the world. Some people were reporting tremors and earthquakes in places that never had a history of such things, overall just interesting enough to hold Ira's attention for the first few hours of the day. It wasn't until around noon that something made the bird spew her coffee onto her screen. Reports were coming in around the globe now, pictures of people grown into giants, size reports varied but a couple of things remained consistent across the board; They all seemed to be women, probably some prank someone photoshopped together since all the pictures were always blurry and censored, but the thing that made Ira crack a smile was this headline. "Giantesses popping up out of nowhere, seemingly only violent towards Men" If this was some sort of prank it got Ira to chuckle, the bird cackling to herself loud enough that she didn't hear one of her 'co-workers' walk up behind her. "Heya hot stuff, Boss said I sold enough today that I get to take YOU out for lunch!" Ira had to fight back the visceral reaction of ripping this cocky asshole's throat out. She turned to face a tiger with his hand on her shoulder, no older than his mid-twenties. "Did he now?" Ira tried to sound soft-spoken, her hand peeling his own off of her shoulder only to feel it tighten and pull her body towards him. "That's right~ Now how's about we get to it?!" The tiger growled, his hand gripping around her throat, his claws pressing into her neck as he stood her up. Ira's blood ran cold, the bird freezing up as she was walked to the elevator, her assailant clicking the ground floor and grinding his hips against her back. Ira's eyes went wide, her breath coming in short gasps as she was pressured out of the building. It seemed that while she was looking at the news reports everyone in the building had gone off to lunch, nobody there to help her, nobody there to save her from the powerful grip of this monster.

Ira's heart was pounding in her ears as the tiger took her out into the alley next to the building, her throat grabbed tight in his claws, his disgustingly hungry eyes looking her up and down as Ira's own closed and started to tear up. "Let's get rid of this hmm?" The tiger growled, ripping his other claw down her tube top, tearing the flimsy fabric aside to expose her beautiful body to his tainted eyes. The pig of a feline licked his lips as he started to reach down to undo his own pants, intent on having his way in broad daylight. "MISS IRA?! ARE YOU? OH MY GOD I'M COMING!" Scott's voice cried out from the street, the sounds of a bag dropping to the ground were followed by heavy footsteps. Ira was able to open her eyes just in time to get a blurry image of Scott shoulder-charging into her would-be rapist. The three of them hit the ground with a thud, the tiger switching his grip to claw at the panther writhing with him on the ground. "YOU LITTLE SHIT! YOU CAN HAVE YOUR TURN AFTER I'M DONE! FIRST COME FIRST SERVE!" Ira didn't bother hanging around to find out who was winning the scuffle, the sounds of slamming fists and grunting felines seemed to fade in her ears as she crawled her way out of the alley. With her heart pounding in her chest and her eyes finally clearing off the blurry vision of tears, Ira turned around to check what was happening back in the alley. The dull thuds of fists on unprotected flesh echoed from the shade of the alley, Scott was on the ground, his hands spread eagle by his side, only twitching as he was being pounded into the pavement by the much larger tiger.

Every fiber of Ira's being was on fire, her heart pounding in her chest as she watched her would-be rapist slam his fists into the only person worth a damn at the terrible job she had endured for the past decade. Anger boiled as the bird's heels SNAPPED off, her talons SLAMMING down onto the sidewalk, a deep indent forming in the cement as she tried to stand. Ira's ass hit the road with a SLAM, her head spinning as she hunched over, growling at her own inability as she felt her back hit a car. She felt the rest of her outfit finally RIP from her body, her foot sinking deeper into the cement of the sidewalk like it was nothing more than thin ice on a shallow puddle. Her entire body felt like it was growing heavy, her chest feeling tight as the weight piled on, like someone was sitting on her chest. An unnatural heat started to flood from Ira's chest as she grabbed her head, the pounding of her heart in her ears soon replaced with the blaring of car alarms. She couldn’t think, her head was spinning as her body curled up in a ball on the road, the hard ground slowly becoming softer as she felt like she was sinking into the pavement. One of her hands SLAMMED down next to her in an attempt to silence the blaring of that car alarm. A loud CRUNCH made her eyes shoot open, staring down at the mangled hunk of steel under her hand. Ira stared blankly at her hand, pulling it out of the wreckage of what looked like a toy car to her, her vision swaying as she stared at her palm, trying to make sense of everything. It looked like the ground was growing further and further away as she stared in confusion, the panic attack she was having surely messing with her brain. Ira tried to look forward into the alley, her head was pulled so far back it looked like she was on the other side of the street with how far away she was! Only problem was, she saw her legs leading all the way across the four-lane road, her talons still planted firmly on either side of the opening to the alley. The sounds of car alarms were so quiet to her now, so far away compared to a moment ago, all Ira could do now was look over herself, sitting fully nude across the entire street, cars pulled over for their drivers to stare up in awe at the massive, gorgeous bird that by all accounts, suddenly apeared in front of them. By the time Ira was able to look back down the alley, both males were staring wordlessly back at Ira, their jaws slack as the spectacle had stopped their fight cold, the tiger’s fist still raised high, having been stopped mid punch. 

The two men got a much better view of what really happened. The second the car alarm went off the tiger’s head snapped around to see if he’d been caught, only to see Ira sitting flat on her ass on the sidewalk, her head swaying in her hands. The tiger licked his lips as he knew she wouldn’t be going far, knowing he could drag her back before anyone could notice. But then he heard the screeching of tires, his eyes narrowing to a focus as he stared back at the bird, she was still sitting on the sidewalk but something was off, her back was indented into the car behind her and her head that barely came up to the door handle before was now cracking the glass of the window. Another SCREECH of tires and the dull cracking of cement made the tiger’s jaw drop. He watched as the rest of Ira’s clothes shredded from her body, the ripped center of her dress that she was clinging to now nothing more than tiny shards strewn about her body. This time the tiger watched as Ira’s body violently twitched, her talons planting firmly onto the sidewalk as her body was PUSHED backwards, her curled up form now taller than the car she was crushing behind her. Scott was able to pick his head up at this point, punch-drunk and bleeding he was able to make even less sense of the scene playing out in front of him. Ira’s talons were now planted on either side of the alley, the cavern between the massive buildings leading straight into the bird’s crotch, the walls of concrete giving way to the sleek, polished black of her talons, leading further into the steel-wire-like muscle of her thighs, each thicker than the two cats combined. Scott couldn’t help but blush as he was staring right at the supple lips of Miss Ira’s pussy, the thing that he had admittedly dreamed about, now bigger than he was tall! Both men flinched though as they watched her effortlessly destroy a car with one hand, a simultaneous nervous gulp  going down as they realized Ira’s immense size came with equally immense power. The bird continued to grow, every feather, every fiber until her head finally came free from her hands and her gaze eventually settled on the two men and FOCUSED, a practical spotlight of a gaze coming from those two massive eyes. 

Ira slowly stood, her gargantuan new size letting her tower over either of the buildings on either side of that alley, the two men inside straining their necks as they stared up at her. The street cracked and the asphalt splintered under her feet as she stood, water lines cracking and flooding the indents that her talons were leaving. The men watched in horror as Ira’s head loomed between the spaces of the two buildings, towering over the five floors of their office to stare down at them. A loud crumble and a spray of concrete dust peppered the two felines, Ira’s jet-black forearms, both wider than the entire alley, crushed and stressed the roofs of the two buildings as she started to lower herself to one knee, the edges of her beak curling into a smile as she tried to get more eye level with the two of them. Scott took the opportunity to finally kick the tiger off of him, making the tiger stumble backwards to the opening of the alley, closer to the massive thigh that had to be almost twice his height. Irw watched as the little man looked her up and down, admiring her beauty even when the tables had turned, she saw his gaze fix on her breasts, perky and free, her cleavage big enough to swallow his entire body whole if she so wished, then she watched as his gaze leveled between her legs, still a dozen or so feet away from her, staring with his head tilted back, his eyes locked with the perfect pair of lower lips that mere minutes ago he was sure were his. “You still want me?” Ira’s voice boomed, shaking the already faltering stone of the buildings her arm was resting on. The tiger let out a loud gulp and flicked his head back to stare Ira in the face, his own eyes wavering in fear, terrified of the implications, she could use his whole damned body as a dildo if she wanted! And even then a deep pain shattered the tiger’s pride as he realized that he wouldn’t even be able to satisfy her like that! After finding his words the tiger croaked out a hoarse “N-no!” The FEAR in his voice made Ira’s beak curl into a smile, a deep, primal heat started to flood into her crotch as she reached down to place a finger on either side of that perfectly pristine slit. “That’s a shame~ because now YOU don’t have a choice~” the tiger’s shoulders sunk as his head snapped back down to Ira’s slit, watching in horror as something started to snake out from her folds. A pink, tapered member started to grow and pulse from that slit, whether she had it before or not at this point, only Ira knew. She was going to make the most out of the new appendage, the feeling of the fresh air alone made her coo with a deep pleasure, making her wonder what it felt like to have something wrapped around it. Something tight. Something small. Something that would squirm and beg her to stop. Something like the bastard standing awestruck and horrified in front of her. 

With a stumble the tiger fell back to the ground, his eyes beady and shaking as he watched that tapering, twitching snake of a cock grow into the alley. The tiger’s feet scrambled on the stone of the ground, trying to push himself back further into the alley, trying to escape the terrifying thing, trying to put some distance between himself and the giant bird’s slit. All of his efforts ended in vain as that pink, twitching worm wrapped around his chest, SQUEEZING him tight enough for the tiger’s horrified whimper to turn into an almost squeaking, forced exhalation. Scott had a front row seat to watch as the tiger was turned to face him, his chest wrapped around by a pulsing pink mass, his arms reaching out, praying for help from the man he was just attempting to beat to death but Scott’s mind was far too broken to comprehend what was going on. The earth SHOOK and every ground floor window on the block SHATTERED as Ira fell back to sit in the street, her back resting against the buildings on the other side of the street as she looked at the little tiger wrapped in her brand new cock. The feeling of his little squirms and struggles were enough to make her shaft PULSE audibly, a dull throb filling the air as Ira reached her hand down. Any of her finger claws could rip this would-be-rapist apart like a knife through butter, each of her claws as long as the tiger’s entire forearm, but she wasn’t ready to kill him yet.
 
Ira’s smile grew wider as her sword of a claw hooked into the back of the tiger’s waistband, SHREDDING his pants in a quick tug, making the tiger YIPE in surprise in fear, knowing that even that little bit of effort packed such destructive power due to the bird’s new size. The snaking member holding the tiger in the air like a ragdoll suddenly slipped free, leaving behind it a slimy, dripping residue on his shirt, leaving the tiger to fall, landing firmly on Ira’s hand. The fall knocked the wind out of the tiny little tiger, now set in a sleek, black palm the size of his entire body. Before he could even gasp in a breath he felt that palm flex, fingers as thick as his torso curling around his body, locking him in place once again, his head sticking out of the bird’s curled pointer finger, stuck staring at the alley he had been plucked from, the place where he had undoubtedly made the worst mistake of his life. “Hope you’re ready. I don’t believe you planned on being gentle so neither do I.” The tiger had just enough time to dread what was to come, the feeling of the slender tip of Ira’s member slathering and slithering between his cheeks. Even the thinnest part of her cock was as thick as his fist, a terrifying realization when he thought of how absolutely MASSIVE the base of that dick was going to be but his thoughts were soon scrambled as he felt the tip of that member SPEAR its way into his body. Ira’s grip was juuuuust loose enough to make the tiger’s shoulders JAM against her curled pointer finger, his eyes tearing up as he felt like he was being ripped open. The tiger tried to let out a scream, his mouth opening wide but any noise he could make was overshadowed by a booming, thunderous groan leaving Ira’s beak.

Due to the tapering nature of Ira’s member she could wiggle and ‘thrust’ as deep as she wanted without even moving her hips. The bird’s eyes were transfixed on her own cock, barely even paying attention to the squirming, crying tiger in her hand that she was violating, too busy enjoying the new pleasures and feelings rushing through her body. The tiger let out another cry as Ira’s member seemed to flex and spring forward, BULGING out his belly so hard that his shirt ripped open, the lower two buttons of the button up flying off into Ira’s hand as he let out yet another silent cry, his voice catching in his throat, his head going light and his eyes losing focus as Ira’s enjoyment only grew. Another quake and crush of the road threw up a small cloud of debris as Ira stood up fully, her hand YANKING the tiger in her grip down the length of her tapered member. With the strength to crush a car without a thought, the tiger’s body was nothing but a much too small unihole for her at this point, the man squealing for a split moment before he felt the pressure of her member ROCKET through his body. Both Ira and the tiger’s vision flashed white, one from pleasure and one from searing pain, the bird’s pleasured caw rumbling the buildings around her as she stood tall, towering over every building on the block and most in the city. The bird’s wings and arms lifted, spreading wide and blowing up another, thicker cloud of debris, shattering every window within a quarter mile from the sheer power of her new size. Ira’s wings, while outstretched like this, covered a football field of street, her towering size and sharp eyes letting her watch over most of the city from here, only a few dozen buildings taller than her and even then, not by much. 

She could see other instances of girls like her rampaging through the city, smaller girls, none towering as large as her from what she could see with a sweeping glance. But they all saw her, her size, her beauty and above all, her POWER. Fires and plumes of smoke were starting to billow into the sky, some buildings even toppling from the structural damage of these girls suddenly growing so exponentially but one thing was consistent. Every one of those girls, now empowered by their newfound size, was taking revenge on the very city that had been oppressing them. Police cars were either thrown by the streetside or fully torn asunder, their occupants either wrapped around the beautiful new endowments of their new owners or struggling away in the girl’s guts, adding energy to their rampage. Ira could only groan as she witnessed this revolution, this instant tipping of the scales into their favor. The pleasure filling her body from both the sight of her fellow woman taking the power back from their oppressors AND the still thrashing tiger fighting to stay conscious on her cock was starting to build beyond anything she had ever felt before.

Ira looked back down at the little squirming tiger she had left hanging on her cocktip, his hands trying desperately to grab at the wiggling, drooling cocktip poking out of his mouth. The feline’s jaw was obviously dislocated, stretched far beyond its natural limit, his body on fire, his belly and even his chest stretched to an almost form-fitting shape. From Ira’s view, he was just a little bulge towards the front tenth of her dick, almost like a bracelet or some other piece of jewelry. “You look good down there~” Ira cooed, her member flexing upwards to feel the delightful tightness of his tiny body sliding down her shaft, feeling his body stretch over her length, knowing that every one of his pathetic squirms were his last clutches at trying to get free, the thought of his suffering only making the bird groan, sending pulses of pre through his body to dump from her tip, leaving it to drool down his bulged out neck and chest, marking him with the smell of her newfound organ.

While looking down at that struggling tiger, Ira’s sharp eyes noticed something else moving, Scott had escaped the alley, seemingly sneaking away from the gargantuan bird in front of him, forced to climb in and out of the massive indents left in the pavement from Ira’s movement. “Oh Mister Williams~” Ira cooed, dropping to a knee next to the fleeing little spec of a panther, the shockwave from all that weight being tossed around sending the little cat crashing back onto his ass. Scott’s eyes were shaking with fright as he stared up at Ira, the shadow of her dick and its wiggling accessory loomed over his body. “P-Please Miss Ira!” He pleaded, his voice quivering as he held up his hands to helplessly block his already bloodied face. This pleading touched something in Ira, not her heartstrings like poor little Scott was hoping, but something more CARNAL inside of her. All the pleasure welling up inside of Ira reached a fevered pitch, her cock THROBBING audibly, a dull wave of sound echoing under her knelt-over form, giving another thing for Scott to fear. Ira’s hands grabbed around her twitching, slithering member, its excited length flicking this way and that as she grew closer to her first orgasm with her new endowment. The edges of Ira’s vision went white as she threw her head back, letting out an unashamed moan that echoed through the streets, letting everyone in the city, be it giantess or terrified toy, hear her pleasured cry.
While Ira’s head was thrown back, Scott was staring right up at that absurdly large member, watching as a visible bulge was shot through its length. From the base that was thicker than he was tall, through both of her stroking, grasping hands, visibly bulging out the already overstretched tiger stuck on before a GEYSER of thick, white seed flooded from the tapered tip, spewing higher into the air to rain down in heavy GLOBS. Scott felt like an ant watching the rain watching that monster finally burst, the globs of seed crashing to the ground, each drop rivaling the volume of a kiddie pool, splashing and instantly forming puddles around the panther. Scott had to struggle to get to his feet, scrambling and trying to dash aside to avoid the next volley of seed. Ira only groaned and thrust her hips into her hands as she continued to blow, the ground under her already coated with a couple feet of the thick, slowly growing puddle of seed. Scott’s legs were caught at this point, unable to freely move through that growing pool. It was only a matter of time before one of those heavy globs SPLATTERED over the top of his head. Even with his hands raised to try and cover himself, the sheer FORCE of the ‘drop’ nearly crushed his poor body, the thickness of Ira’s cum made it coat every inch of his body, turning his entire body white. With a GASP the panther swiped his arms, trying to clear the bubble of seed coating his head, unable to open his eyes as another GLOB crashed down on him. Scott could feel his feet start to get sweeped from the slow-moving puddle as it started to spread, his body trapped up to his chest in the pool, unable to catch his breath from the sheer volume covering his head.

This was it… he was going to die, drowned under a puddle of seed from a gargantuan bird that he had just recently tried to save, a woman who he had tried to get to know, one that he respected and daydreamed about making his wife, not burying him in her first male orgasm. As his life flashed before his eyes Scott felt a giant hand wrap around his chest, yanking him free of the puddle of seed and lifting him upwards, clearing his face of that pungent, thick seed from the speed of the lift. The panther’s hands were still free, Ira’s hand grabbing under his arms so that he could clear his eyes and mouth to GASP in a breath. “Sorry sweetie~ I got a bit too excited~” Ira’s voice boomed, her tone soft and cooing even if it was nearly deafening for the tiny panther. Scott coughed and gagged, the inescapable taste of Ira’s cum filling his mouth and nose, making his eyes water a bit. “Y-you’re fine! Y-you saved me afterall!” Scott tried to yell so that Ira would hear him, held in her grip she was so far away, that and the earth-shaking footsteps she was taking made the panther wonder if she could even hear him at all.

Ira’s grip was tight, not crushing but still inhibiting his breathing a bit until he was placed down on the roof of some apartment complex. Scott coughed and tried to catch his breath, watching as Ira stood tall and stretched, her massive form almost four times as tall as the building he was sitting on, which only made Scott all the more queasy as he looked down to see he was on top of was around eight stories tall. Something even worse on his glance downwards was the terrifying progression of the tiger’s fate. His body was hanging limp now, still speared through and through by Ira’s horrifyingly dexterous member but what truly put the fear of god into the little panther was that Ira’s member was slowly softening, pulling back into her slit a few feet at a time. As Ira stretched and cooed, enjoying the afterglow of her first orgasm with the new member, Scott got to watch in a paralyzed terror as the tiger’s half-glazed-over eyes focused on him, his arm struggling to reach out hopelessly to him as his body was pulled fully into Ira’s slit, indistinguishable from the outside, simply… GONE. 

“He got what he deserved didn’t he?” Ira chided, Scott’s head flicking back, finally breaking their transfixed gaze on the bird’s slit, knowing that the tiger was now fully trapped inside, not even knowing if he would ever see the light of day again. “Y-yeah! Yeah…” Scott’s eyes were still trembling, even as he tried to feign a brave demeanor but that all went out the window as Ira’s hand reached down to grab around the little panther, lifting him up to her eye level. “I think I’ll keep him there~ Let him squirm and suffer for what he’s done. A bastard like him doesn’t deserve a quick end, and besides you could only IMAGINE the feeling of him squirming around down there!” Ira’s voice was quieter now, softer, a gentle coo in her tone as she raised her other hand to start caressing one of her breasts, her eyes closing as she gave herself in to the pleasure of her captured prey. “Y-You sure showed him Ira!” Scott whimpered, trying desperately to contain composure, he had done similar things before, staving off the anxiety and nerves to try and simply agree with his boss but THIS?! This was too much for the little panther to simply brush under the rug and ignore. “You however, I feel like I owe you something nicer than living the rest of your life in a terrified stupor, used as a fleshlight for my entertainment before being stuffed somewhere to struggle pointlessly. I feel like you’ve EARNED more Mister Williams~” Scott let out a sigh of relief at that, his heart still fluttering in his chest as he finally felt like he could relax. That is until he felt Ira’s hand lift him higher.

By the time Scott’s eyes sprung open again he was staring down at a cavernous beak, opened wide with her tongue flattened to the bottom of her mouth. Staring down like this was horrifying. A drop higher than the building he was recently resting on into a wet void of fleshy red below him. “B-BUT!” He tried to argue before he was dropped, his stomach flying up into his throat as he fell, the fall giving him just enough time for his entire life to flash before his eyes for the third time today before he landed with a POMF onto that squishy, angled tongue, sliding down deeper into Ira’s maw until a sudden SNAP cut out any light. The panther’s claws tried to dig into the slippery muscle he was rapidly sliding down, the thick layer of saliva coating the inside of Ira’s beak making it impossible to find purchase, simply flailing and crying out before he finally hit the back of her throat. Scott’s heart was beating in his chest, threatening to spell his end already as a streak of daylight broke through to shine in his eyes. The light was so far away, up an impossibly vertical climb up that slimy tongue. He could feel Ira tilt her head back as the back of her throat GRABBED around his legs, a wash of saliva pouring over his body, whisking him away down the bird’s gullet.

Ira couldn’t help but squirm with the new sensation of someone struggling and wiggling down her throat, having to fight herself as to not grow hard again and give the bastard stuck in her slit another chance to breathe. “Sorry Scott~ It felt like the most humane thing to do for you now.” Ira teased the doomed panther, surprisingly feeling no remorse for the sweet-hearted boy that had been her saving grace both figuratively and quite literally in that hellhole of a job. But she didn’t need him anymore, NO ONE was going to be able to boss her around ever again. Besides, she thought, if she wasn’t meant to swallow him whole, then why did her body fill with such lovely warmth and lust when she thought about him, struggling all the way down her subway-tunnel-sized throat? Ira licked her lips as she thought of that, her belly growling a bit from the thought. She WAS feeling hungry after all, and if poor sweet Scott felt that good sliding down her throat, she could only imagine what someone she truly hated would do for her. Another smile grew from the edges of Ira’s beak as she thought of her new hit-list, thinking of every bastard that had ever wronged her, knowing how sweet revenge was going to feel now that she was in charge. The bird’s gaze turned to one of the sky rises still standing behind her. The only buildings she could see that were taller than her, chalk full of those douchebag big-wigs that dressed her up and put her in that cage behind her desk for her to be ogled every day. Her cocktip poked the first dozen feet of its length free from her slit, tiger and all, as she thought of just how sweet THEY would taste.

The bird started to walk over, crossing blocks at a time with each of her strides, taking in the sights of the city, the various flips over cars, the struggling men-turned-condoms laying on the sides of the streets, groaning. They were the lucky ones from what Ira could see, girls turned monsters were fighting over territory, raising their legs to mark walls, buildings, and toys alike. Some snarled as they watched Ira pass by, growling and swiping at her massive black talons as they sunk into the pavement like she was walking on the sand of a beach. They were cute, she thought, many of them not even a fifth of her size yet their feral instincts told them to fight for control. The only hard part of walking through the city like this for Ira was trying to stay soft through it all, watching some other girls grabbing and violently ravaging toys, pouding them silly against walls, the ground, hell even against each other! The sight of two of these girls, similar in build and size, around 12 feet or so, grabbing the same toy and ravaging the poor thing senseless was enough to get Ira FULLY excited again. As she finally reached her destination, crossing half of the city in little over a dozen steps, the massive bird started to stroke the base of her member again, the feeling still new for her, making her huff and spurt pre all over that soaking wet cockring of a tiger.

Ira peered into the building, crouching at first to get a real good look at the inside of the highrise. Chaos was exploding on every floor, hunched over women growl well past the height of their floors all bent over squealing and struggling toys. They were everywhere, bent over desks, pinned up against the cracking windows, in offices, in the halls, hell even in the stairwell where the girls had more room to stand upright. The sight made Ira’s beak curl up, smiling wide as she stroked the base of her member, every now and then reaching up to squeeze the half-conscious tiger wrapped around her tip, spurring him into his struggles so she could bask in the pleasure that they brought her. As Ira stood up on her toes, peering into the office space of the 14th floor her smile dropped into a scowl. A few girls had made it to this floor, or were there already, secretaries or something of the sort maybe, but locked in a corner office, barricaded in with a shaking shotgun pointed at the door was a middle aged, heavyset cheetah. Ira’s brow furrowed as she saw this bastard, stuck in his office, supposedly safe from the justice that everyone else in the building was experiencing. The bird’s arms grabbed around the sides of the building, her head pulling back as she LUNGED her head forward, CRASHING through the window of that office with ease, shattering the glass around her rock-hard beak. KPLOW KPLOW! The sound of the cheetah’s shotgun going off in such a tightly confined space damn near blew out his ears but did nothing to the monstrous beak filling up 3/4ths of his office. As Ira opened her eyes again she couldn’t help but let out a chuckle, the cheetah’s shoulders dropped as his weapon dropped to the floor, his mouth twitching in disbelief as he slumped to his knees, defeated already. 

A soft moan rolled from Ira’s beak as she reached back down, gripping her fingers around her cockring of a tiger, too excited from the helpless state of the cheetah to NOT try and jerk herself off with the struggling body of her captive. In her growing lust she almost didn’t notice the cheetah standing up, desperately trying to clear the barricade around his office door. Ira let out a deep coo as she watched, waiting for him to swing the door open to wrap her tongue around the fat cat’s chest. She could FEEL his heart attempting to burst out of his chest as she started to drag him backwards, she was MUCH more proficient with her tongue as compared to her dick, both of them sharing tapered and prehensile properties, both as thick as any of these little men’s fists at their tips. Ira SLURPED the cheetah into her beak, using her tongue to press his back against the inside of that thick, rock-hard beak as she started to PUSH against him with her tongue, violently licking up his body and coating his body in the thick slime of her saliva, trapped in the pure darkness of her maw. The giant bird fell backwards, sitting down into the street, creating a crater with her gargantuan ass, one of her arms reaching up to rest on a nearby apartment complex, lounging in the city’s street like it was nothing more than a recliner.

Ira stroked herself in long, slow glides of her hand, gripping around the tiger every now and then to make sure he was still alive, squeezing him ever so gently to make him writhe and wiggle, every now and then pulling him up, letting her tip pull back from his maw to let him GASP in a breath. Every now and then he’d even plead with her, only earning him a SHOT of precum gushing into his belly, making his gut sag along with his tattered, soaked shirt. She could hear the little cheetah in her beak struggling and pleading as well, her tongue poking and prodding at him, feeling out his body and pushing him around the inside of her beak, not letting him rest on the soft flesh of her tongue or throat, instead pressing him against the sharp angled stone of her beak. Scott was a sweetheart, he deserved a quicker fate than this bastard, this little crying toy didn’t even deserve the softness of laying on her tongue! That and his pathetic whimpers and cries were making Ira PAINFULLY hard, making her groan into her beak, vibrating the cheetah’s very body within her maw. She could feel her orgasm growing closer, that same explosion of pleasure so close now, only this one felt even better than the last with the combination of pleasures. After bullying that little cheetah in her maw for what felt like HOURS of edging, Ira finally tilted her head back, letting the fat little cat slide down the inside of her beak, her head flicking to sent him plummeting into her throat, her pleasure only growing from the pathetic scramblings he was making, trying not to get swallowed. She couldn’t take it anymore. One of her hands gripped around the base of her cock, the other one pinching the tiger stuck on her tip, pulling him up to make sure her cockhead was buried in the struggling feline’s chest. 

A TORRENT of pleasure flooded Ira’s body as she gulped that chunky cheetah down, his body bigger than Scott’s by far, his struggles feeling all the more satisfying as he plummeted down her gullet, and the tiger had started to beg and plead again. His words were interrupted by gurgling gags as he started to spit up the shots of precum being shot into his gut, his stomach already bloated and sagging, his pleads falling on deaf ears as Ira ended the cheetah with a final GULP. Ira’s eyes rolled in her head as her wings spread, smashing into and through nearby buildings as she reached her climax. The pathetic whimpers of the tiger were instantly replaced with disturbingly loud gags, her first shot of seed FLOODING his already swollen belly, his mouth and nose SHOOTING seed. Unable to keep up with the sheer volume shooting from Ira’s dick, the tiger’s cum-vomit did VERY little to stop his belly from growing larger, heavier, soon dwarfing his original size. The first rope was enough to make the tiger look like he had eaten another one of himself, doubled in size instantly no matter how much his body tried to purge of the thick she-brew. The second shot was no easier on him. Ira’s fingers let go of his body as the second shot ERUPTED from her tip, SHOOTING the tiger from her tip as she gripped both hands around her cock, stroking that wiggling beast with wild abandon as she started to paint the side of that highrise in front of her.

Rope after rope, gallon after gallon Ira came, her second orgasm with her new endowment was SO much more intense than her first, the bird ending up huffing and groaning as she felt that monster of a cock start to soften once again, retreating back into it’s slit. Ira looked down to see the rounded, cum-spewing form of the pathetic tiger between her legs, her smile growing wide as she noticed he was still breathing, gasping in shallow little breaths. “Looks like you outlived your use cockring~ Don’t worry about me though sweetie~ I’ll find another, men like you are a dime a dozen afterall!” The bird teased her miniscule prey, standing up to loom her shadow over him, a smile growing across her face as she watched his head turn up to face her, his body forcing him to stay awake from all the adrenaline pumping through his system. The bird raised up one of her jet-black talons, giving the tiger a final wink before STOMPING him into the pavement. Ira’s stomp shook the earth, a dull rumble lasting for a few seconds after the act, letting the bird enjoy the afterglow of her revenge. Ira slowly came back-to, smiling down at the puddle under her foot as she started to walk away, her mind locked on revenge, she would find every one of those corporate bastards that had wronged her and make SURE they got what was coming to them. Her eyes scanned the city, a sadistic smile growing across her face as she spotted her next target. A lion,she had seen him before, only now he was sprinting down the street, his head spinning in a panic as he tried to avoid the giantesses roaming around, looking for new toys to break. Ira wasn’t going to lose him though, her eyes narrowed in, tracking him through the buildings, her member halting its retreat as she started to grope that empowering endowment. Maybe she would try something new with him, she thought, wrapping her flexible member around her finger to give it a squeeze. “Wonder how easy it’ll be to break you little one~” She cooed to herself as she started her chase, shaking the earth with her strides, leaving massive talon-prints in the roads, uprooting any trees in the way of her revenge. It was so freeing that Ira couldn’t help but lick her lips, ready to taste that sweet revenge over, and over, and over again.