In hindsight, maybe he had been a little too harsh. Professor Lyle Danvers took offense at the phrase "bull-headed." Despite his stature, he was a mild man. The campus's gentle giant. He wore plaid sweaters. Reading glasses. Well aware of his seven-foot stature, he watched his step and always let his students enter first before ducking inside-angling his head to keep his L-shaped horns from hitting anything. He was a big, broad-shouldered black bull who could bowl full-grown men over on accident, and he loved books. He loved essays. He loved academia. He loved his job. "Come on, Professor D." "Yeah, we don't deserve this!" Amending his last statement: he usually loved his job. Would he have behaved the same, knowing then what he knew now? Would that flicker of disdain have drawn his brow into an irate line? No. Certainly not. If he had known, he would have... would have done something differently. Invested in a bunker, maybe. Gotten the first ticket out of there in hopes of finding a safe country. But he hadn't known. That was the point: no one had. The Sun hung high at a deceptively cheerful zenith, assuring nothing bad would happen. Not on a bright afternoon in the middle of a sleepy, low-population campus. Nothing forewarned the fracture to idyllic existence. The utter social upheaval that would redefine sex, politics, the very foundation of biology. Nor the fact that, come next morning, the death toll would be millions and climbing. ...and among that body count, Professor Lyle Danvers.

He currently stood head and shoulders taller than his future assassins. Students of his, in that they attended his class-though his words entered one ear, slipped over the smooth contours of their brains, then exited through the other. They hadn't woken up that morning intent on fucking their professor to death. They didn't even have the right equipment for it, women in their freshmen year. Not very strong ones either; the only way they could match the width of Lyle's herculean shoulders was if they all stood side by side by side. "I'm sorry," he said in his deep, level manner, "but I don't have time for this right now." They had taken his quick exit from the classroom as an invitation to pursue him across campus. Fitting, considering he was prey and they were predators. Not that a bull who outweighed them one to three fretted much over some college girls' dainty fangs. "I'm sure if you study and do well on your finals, you'll be able to salvage a passing grade." "The couch kept me from cheering at the last game because you failed me on the midterm." You failed me; the self-entitled whine of Kate-the surmised leader of their pack. A loudmouth, compensating for being the shortest among them. A stunted cheetah with her trim gymnast body on halter-top, short-skirt display. The bubblegum pink ensemble bounced as she pumped her legs to keep up with a bull almost twice her height. "Numerous times, Miss Ballord, I offered to tutor you." With every word that wasn't in Kate's favor, he saw annoyance chisel at her expression. College life always hit freshmen hard. Girls like Kate, the hardest. With the expensive clothes and bags, she probably had rich parents to carry her through high school. Enough money to keep her afloat despite neglecting her GPA. She wasn't used to being anyone's equal. "Yeah, but I was busy. I have other classes and-"

"What if the final isn't, like, enough?" Melissa cut in. A bright-eyed white wolf in tight denim and a tighter top; she kept her fluffy coat trimmed except where it counted-falsely puffing her assets. Lyle gave her a pitying look. Of the three cheerleaders, Melissa's crime was least egregious but also the most inoperable. He diagnosed her with thick-headedness, and that he could do nothing about. "Well, there's always next year." "Next year?" All three of them were likely to flunk, and so they all spoke up at once in horror. "Yes. That is how college works, girls." Lyle let out an exasperated sigh as he trudged the stone steps leading up to the auditorium. It would be another half-hour before anyone showed up; he needed time to prepare. Drawing a key out of his pocket, he went to insert it into the door's lock. Before he could, high heels hurriedly clacked up the steps as the third to complete their trio ambushed him. The tallest. The curviest. The quietest. She shouldn't have been in the same situation as her friends. If she didn't insist on stepping out of class for hour-long bathroom breaks, she probably would have passed. She was a clever panther. Perhaps too clever for her own good: she stood uncomfortably close to Lyle. Licking her chops. Arching her back. Unsubtly showing off velvety fur and a knockout figure bundled in a sports bra. Eye-grabbing short-shorts. Constant, piercing contact from her yellow eyes said she knew what she was doing. Searching Lyle for a reaction. "C'mon, professor," she said, blocking the lock with her hip. "Be cool." Lyle disappointed her with a thin smile. "Unfortunately, Miss Heathers-"

"Debbie," she corrected, leaning more of herself against the door. Looking him up and down in an appraising manner he was guilty to admit he didn't altogether mind. "Unfortunately, Debbie, I find studying and getting assignments done on time very cool. Now, please." He nodded towards the door. Rolling her eyes, she slid away from it and allowed him to come inside. Kate, the brat. Melissa, the bimbo. And to round it out: Debbie, the slut. Not that a mature, middle-aged scholar such as himself would ever dream of labeling them as such. They were only 18, maybe 19 in Debbie's case. They had their whole lives to turn it around. Never mind that he had busted his ass back when he was their age. Nor that he had been a quiet, persevering bookworm from a poor family. It'd be judgmental to write them off. Still, if the shoe fits... He entered the building, relieved to be rid of them. Going to close the door behind himself, Kate caught it with her boot. "I don't see what the big deal is," she said. Cursing his gentle nature. Lyle slipped his hand away from the door. "This is a freshman course, right?" She took the lead and ushered her friends inside. "Girls. I am giving a presentation shortly." He kept his words level, but the longer they intruded, the more effort he put into maintaining that tone. "You are welcome to sit through it if you'd like." "For extra credit?" Melissa piped, the other two nodding vigorously. "No." Automatic lights boomed to life as he pushed double doors open and entered the auditorium. One of the oldest places on campus; it had been old when he attended. "It's open to

students and faculty purely out of academic interest." His words echoed to the ceiling as he strolled towards the stage. "We're not interested," Kate groaned. "That's how we ended up here to begin with!" "You are aware that you're in college, right?" He walked up the side steps onto the stage. "For cheerleading, yeah." Her voice became distant-she and the others lingering by the steps. "No." Testiness seeped into his tone. Faced away from them, he unshouldered his satchel and placed it onto a wooden table in the middle of the stage. "You are here because of cheerleading. You are here for a degree." "We're cheerleading pros, Lyle," Debbie said with her usual nonchalance. "Professor," he snapped, opening the satchel to remove his laptop. He plugged it into the projector port protruding from the table's middle. "If you just gave us a pass, we'd totally be out of your hair next semester," Melissa chirped. "Debbie's right. We're the best on the team. I had a guy on the Ridgebacks tell me that. They're, like, big league, yaknow?" Did he tell you that before or after he slept with you? Lyle kept that comment to himself, instead offering a placating: "Listen, girls..." "You keep calling us that!" He drew in a sharp breath at the echo of Kate stomping up the steps. Daring to follow him onto the stage. "We're women, professor." "Then act like it!" he shouted, whirling to face her. The cheetah took a step back, eyes stunned wide. She recovered fast with a scowl. "You can't talk to us like that. We pay your salary." Debbie and Melissa exchanged glances from the steps, then they followed to join Kate.

"The college pays my salary, and as you continue to remind me: the college pays your tuition as well." Lyle straightened his posture as he spoke, puffing his chest out. "I'm going to tell you something someone should have told you a long time ago. Your odds of making it to the 'big leagues,' whatever that means in cheerleading, are slim." "You don't know that!" Kate puffed her skinny chest out as well. Her taller friends took to her sides, rallying against the truth. "I do. You're good? Well, so is every other cheerleader at this college. And every other cheerleader at every other college. Good enough that they all get scholarships, too. At better, more prestigious schools. "Don't you think there's a reason these academic requirements exist? What will you do if you can't make a living off your cheerleading routine?" All the entitled eyerolls in class. The ignored notes. The vacant stares when asked obvious questions. These stupid. Little. Girls-and that was what they were, no matter how much Kate wanted him to call them otherwise-were destroying their futures because no one had ever put a hoof down in front of them. They were too pretty, too pampered for their own damn good. "You want to be washed up before you've even hit your 20s?" Lyle pressed on with his self-righteous speech. He took a step forward so he could glower down at them from the jut of his muscular chest. He didn't like looking imposing. He didn't enjoy raising his voice. But speaking softly wouldn't shake them off his back. "Sorry, but you'll have to butter up another professor." They all ducked at once as he chopped the air above them. "Not me." He stood around for a few seconds waiting for a response. Satisfied to receive none, he turned around and returned to the table.

"Look what you did!" Kate said. "Melissa is crying because of you." "P-please, professor," Melissa whined. Whether they were genuine or crocodile tears, Lyle couldn't tell-they annoyed him all the same. He massaged his temples for a few moments. "I have... a presentation." Then he jerked his head to scowl over at them. "All year with you three. All you had to do was the work. Instead, you've done everything else to try not doing the work." Kate narrowed her eyes and opened her mouth. Debbie held a hand up, strutting forward. The way she rolled her hips, smirked as if she hadn't been yelled at-the panther gave him a bad feeling. "I get it, professor." He took a step back as she invaded his personal space. Neck craned to the point that her chin hovered an inch from his chest. "You want us to put in work, right?" "Debbie," he said uneasily. "Now you remember my name." The panther shot a glance back at her friends. Melissa recovered from her tears, wiping them away to join a smugly smiling Kate. Wolf and cheetah strutted together and put him in a compromising position. He should have moved before they could, but he didn't. Kate was on his left. Melissa, his right-blocking the way to his laptop and grabbing him by the forearm. She ran her hands along his muscles admiringly. "He's pretty big," she said, sounding genuine. Her flirtatious touch turned into an awed grope of his arm. This was the sort of thing that happened in a bad porno. Except Lyle knew that wasn't true. These scandals broke out year-round. He just never thought it could happen to him. His jaw hung half-open-he was momentarily stunned.

"Oh, I bet he's big, alright." Kate jolted him back to reality as she punctured his pant leg with her claws. "Girls!" he barked, aghast. A jerk of his arms shook them all off. Debbie and Kate stumbled backwards. Melissa bumped her backside against the table, skidding her hand against its polished surface for traction. Lyle saw what was about to happen but didn't have time to react any further than widening his eyes. She sent the laptop sliding off the table. It did a flip midair before landing with a loud crack that made the four of them wince. Silence followed as Lyle numbly stumbled towards the laptop. If it was intact, he would forgive them for all this-a bargain he made with the universe as he got down on his knees to retrieve his research. A crack ran down the case, and the Z key had popped out... No big deal. Picking the laptop up then gingerly placing it on the table, he tapped the power button. Nothing happened. Another tap, another deal with the cosmos: if it worked this time, he'd pass them. How about that? Nothing happened. "Professor..." Melissa began with the quaver of someone aware she was in trouble. Blinking through anger he had never felt before, Lyle threw his hand up. The cheerleaders inched towards each other, as if to hide among themselves. "You follow me all the way across campus after I tell you 'no.' You cry. You try to... to get in my pants for a passing grade..."

"We can come back after the presentation." This time, Kate tried a grin. The sort of smile that probably got police officers to laugh off driving infractions, or convinced her parents to slip her a few thousand dollars for a new handbag. "All. You. Had. To. Do. Was. Study." Years of watching his step for smaller mammalsnow he thundered towards them. Well as they would in a squad, the cheerleaders maintained a tight formation, Kate taking the lead. "You're the kind of brats whose brains stopped developing halfway through high school, because every man hands you everything on a silver platter." He hadn't meant to say it so harshly. Or at all. If he didn't have tenure, that outburst would have had his ass blacklisted across the country. "You can't talk to us like that," Kate gasped. "I can say whatever I damn well please!" Lyle snapped, stabbing a pointer finger at them. He knew it was wrong to yell. He must have looked terrifying-bulls had an unfair advantage over others. But seeing them cower was so damn cathartic. "You three don't belong in the same classroom as the other students." He couldn't stop himself. "Goddamn prodigies like Mr. Gallard or Ms. Hutchins. Students who got here with grades. Smarts." He rapped a knuckle to one of his horns. "Meanwhile, you three are riding college tuitions because you can bounce your breasts and wiggle your butts. And you expect to do the same right through curricular? Not on my watch. I'm going to fail your asses right out of college. You can be has-beens at the end of your second semester. How's that?" As if his words had eviscerated them, all three girls collapsed.

The stage produced a hollow thud as Melissa dropped. Debbie stumbled forward, shoving Kate so hard she fell onto her side; the panther gripped handfuls of Lyle's sweater-relying her full weight on him, he realized. Her legs had completely given out. "What, so you're all going to add 'faking a seizure' to that list?" They could have dropped dead in front of him and he wouldn't have bought it. He grabbed Debbie by the wrists then let go, fully expecting her to catch herself. When she crumpled at his feet, he started to think something might be off. "Are you girls okay?" Not knowing what to do, Lyle offered his hand to Debbie. She took it, almost pulling the strong bull's back out as she tugged. Panthers were big cats. Strong cats. But a girl her size shouldn't have been much trouble. As she got to her feet, his arm went limp-upheld only by Debbie's grasp. "What the hell is happening?" she breathed, standing eye to eye with her seven-foot professor. Thump. Debbie let go of Lyle and twisted around; Kate had rolled off the front of the auditorium stage. They both watched as the cheetah began to rise from the floor. Eyes clenched, lips pulled back in a pained grimace that exposed clenched teeth, she had her arms wrapped tight around herself. Even with the stage a full four feet off the ground, Lyle looked up at Kate. Then he had to look a little higher... and higher. Her height in a constant state of upward revision. Howling like the wolf she was, Melissa rolled around onstage. Thrashing as if in a tantrum. She had already kicked her shoes off. Her jeans were unbuttoned, and she was trying to cram her fingers in through the waist to peel them off. But they had become too snug. Tough denim went from hip-hugging to leg-biting. Chafing her waist. Drawing up her ankles and nipping at her calves. Cloud white fur burst through shredded seams.

Lyle looked from Debbie to Kate to Melissa, backing away until he bumped against the table. Somehow, his students were growing. The sounds were what made the affair grotesque. Feminine gasps descending in pitch, rising in volume to the point of unrecognizability. Tearing tops; snapped bra hooks; exploding waistbands. Expensive wardrobes blown inside-out failing to contain rising feminine bodies. And the noises those bodies made... He felt sick to his stomach, knowing this wasn't at all natural. Going to the gym didn't make muscles bigger in the blink of an eye. Kids going through puberty didn't stretch up and out in plain sight. The body was built to grow at a pace so slow as to be imperceptible. Here, bones crunched and crackled as they gained startling mass. Overlaying muscles groaned as they bulged outwards. "H-hang on," Lyle stammered out, withdrawing his cellphone with a trembling hand. "I'm going to call for help." Speed-dialing campus security, he brought the phone to his ear and listened. Each ring, the horrible sounds continued. No answer. 911, then. "Hello-" "Hello, operator?" he blurted. "-due to too many emergency calls, an operator is unavailable to take your call at this time. Please hang up and try-"

"Goddammit," he hissed, ending the call then dialing again. Lyle maintained an unblinking stare at his phone screen, doing all he could to keep his attention off the bodies writhing in the background. "Hello, due to too many emergency calls, an operator-" He hung up and tried again. "Hello, due to-" Again. This time, his phone refused to ring. The service bar went from full to crossed out. No internet either. This couldn't be happening. He needed help! ...rather, these girls did. After relentlessly stabbing his finger against the phone screen for half a minute, he started slowing down. It took him a moment to place what was wrong; upon realizing, he had no idea how it took him even that long. The sounds. The tearing clothes. The stretching skin and bone. They had stopped. He slipped his cellphone back into his pocket; that their transformation had ended did little to reassure him. Debbie and Melissa, impossibly huge, rose with guttural groans. The last scraps of their outfits sloughed down their bodies. Paws broad as Lyle's torso thudded against the creaking stage. The coal black panther and snow white wolf faced each other. They both threw their arms over their bare breasts until some strange expression flickered across their faces. Slowly, they eased their arms down, as if covering themselves had become unimportant. Lyle stood beneath their notice. A seven-foot bull and his horns only came up to feminine hips broad enough to occupy parking spaces. Automobiles continued to make for a fitting

comparison: the subtlest shifts in their weight distressed the stage floor. They must have matched trucks for weight: entire tons to their fifteen-foot frame. At their heights, nothing should have been able to startle them. And yet they both eased several steps from the auditorium as a groaning Kate rose to her feet... and kept rising. The added height from the stage gave neither Debbie nor Melissa enough of a boost to match the svelte titaness. Even with the added height, they only reached her breasts. Kate's lips quirked into a bratty smirk. She threw her weight around as if she had been waiting for this moment her entire life-bullying her friends back by stomping onto the stage with a wood-denting crack. Lyle craned his neck. More impressively, Debbie and Melissa craned their necks. And hands to her hips, Kate stared down at her two friends, eyes sliding from one to the other. She loomed over them the way Lyle used to loom over her, and she loomed over Lyle the way he might a toddler. "What the fuck happened to us?" Debbie murmured. "I know, right?" Melissa squeaked. "I feel so..." She trailed off, head woozily moving from side to side. "So..." "Good?" Kate's deep voice boomed throughout the auditorium. Never again would she need a megaphone for anyone to hear her cheers out on the football field. "God, yeah," Melissa groaned. "Too good with these... these..." "Cocks?" Debbie exhaled. All at once, the women looked down at their own crotches. Lyle had already been staring. Though their exposed butts and breasts did tickle a guilty part of his mind, that same part recoiled in disgust at the strangest part of the transformation. Not their size, no.

As Debbie so plainly put it: their cocks. Huge testicles hung between their legs. Bowling balls for Debbie and Melissa. Kate emasculated her peers with bloated yoga balls bulging from a cheetah-spotted ballsack. Flaccid cocks hung like fat, limp snakes. The smaller women sported black penises thick as fire extinguishers-again to be outclassed by Kate. Vascular blue ridges painted the pink endowment; it gave a delighted throb as she gawked at it. The women continued talking among themselves. Somehow, none of them seemed disturbed by what had happened. Outwardly, they were all fine. No. How could he even think of saying that? Hard to call any of this "fine." The longer the cheerleaders chatted, the uneasier he grew. A gut feeling warned Lyle to get out of there without being noticed, and he began to back away. Relative to the girls, he was small, but he remained heavy to the world. Every step he took produced a creak in the floorboards that caused his heart to stop. "-not the runt of the squad anymore," Kate bragged. But the creaks were only of consequence to him. Their conversation bellowed louder than that. "In more ways than one," Melissa ooed. "It's sensitive, you fucking dolt!" A crack rang through the room as Kate delivered a vicious slap that snapped Melissa's head sideways. "Don't get it worked up unless you want to choke on it." A terrifying growl rumbled from Melissa's throat. Her lips twitched back, hackles rising-then rapidly falling as Kate took a step towards her.

"Wanna start something, twerp?" Spots rippled across Kate's short coat as she flexed her muscles. The figure of a gymnast became something to behold at five times its previous size, slender body pulsing with muscles once held back by stature. During this exchange, Lyle tiptoed down the steps until his back ran against the wall of the auditorium. Skirting along it, he progressed up the aisle towards the lobby exit. An eternity away, but he didn't dare move any faster. "Holy fuuuck," Debbie panted out as if going into heat. "Do guys feel like this every day? I can hardly think straight." Her disinterest in the argument defused it, Kate and Melissa looking over at her. She didn't look back, still fixated on her length-absentmindedly running a finger up and down the shaft. "Guess with all the guys you've fucked, it was only fair you get a chance to fuck back," Kate said as she seized Debbie by the cock. The panther took in a sharp breath and shivered. "Nowhere close to the size of mine, though." "Th-this isn't a fucking contest, Kate," Debbie exhaled. She bared her claws, and for a second it looked like she would use them to slash her friend's throat. "No?" Kate didn't appear to take offense to the threat. These ferocious social cues somehow seemed natural to the trio. Not that three dainty women had been hissing and snarling at each other, but that these feelings laid dormant inside them until today. The right side of her muzzle pulled back in a quick snarl; the sight of her fangs cowed Debbie, arms instantly slack at her sides. "Maybe you're saying that to cope with the fact that I'm the biggest." It would have been fascinating to observe their little ecosystem if it wasn't doubly horrifying. The effortless incorporation of feral instinct into their conversation. Maybe the size had unlocked it. Or more likely: the uninhibited dosage of testosterone pulsing through them.

Lyle didn't have answers. He wasn't part of the science department, and even if he had been, he suspected this would only confound him further. "Girls?" Melissa asked in an innocent tone, jarring as she absentmindedly tugged on her foot-long penis. "Where's the professor?" Halfway up the aisle, Lyle ran his back flush with the wall and held his breath. None of the girls said a word. Melissa checked down by their feet. Debbie turned around, expecting him to be on the stage. Kate looked to her left almost instantly and met his eyes. The longer they stared at each other, the brighter her smile grew. Without looking away, she brushed a hand along her friends' sides. They turned to look at her, then followed her gaze over to the wall. Debbie smirked. Melissa's tail wagged and she bounded forward like a puppy. Lyle represented one of the heavier beasts in the animal kingdom. He broke standardgrade mammal scales, and only elephants and rhinoceroses had ever made him feel small. Melissa outclassed any elephant. What she lacked in bulk she made up for in impossible height. Bare curves bounced arhythmical to billowing white fur. Her cock heaved and clapped against her thigh. Each step towards him, she reduced an auditorium seat to a pancake of velvet cushion and cheap plastic. He turned and ran. "What's the matter, professor?" his pursuer called with chilling cheer. While he had to take the aisle, she flattened seats in a beeline. Her airheaded giggling took on a nightmarish quality as it pervaded the entire room. "I just wanna see how cute you look now!"

Lyle shouldered his way through the double doors. Staggering through the lobby, the wall behind him shuddered as Melissa slammed against it. He crashed through the front door without looking back, wheezing, "Thank God," as he clutched the handrail and doubled over for air. He kept his eyes to the steps while waiting for his heart to stop pounding. Warm sunlight prickled the back of his head, assuring him of his safety. Not even Kate would be stupid enough to do anything to him out here. The girls were giants, sure, but they weren't spontaneously above the law. When the blood stopped roaring in his ears, new sounds became clearer. Lyle wrinkled his brow at them: breaking glass; cars veering then crashing; fire alarms; panicked shouts... gunshots. Only then did he slowly lift his head to look out on a campus he no longer recognized. He had assumed Kate, Debbie and Melissa were the only ones. Now he saw his beloved college in ruin. Men just like Lyle ran. Hid. Only men, he realized. And women just like Melissa. Just like Debbie. Just like Kate... Some of them even bigger than Kate. They chased. Sought. Only women, he realized. There wasn't a single normal female in sight. The smallest among them were bigger than himself. The largest-he saw them in the distance. Bigger than apartment buildings, tugging on erections that put busses to shame. What these women... these monsters... did to the men made him even more terrified of Melissa in hindsight. Her empty smile had masked the depraved horrors she was capable of.

He saw blood. Strewn limbs. Smeared bodies pasted in pawprints the size of trucks. And somehow more obscene amidst the gory details: glistening gallons of cum that not a single woman was disgusted or particularly confused by what had happened. They reveled in it. Women were biting the men. Fighting each other for them in some horrid battle royale for sexual conquest. Fucking them on the street, even when it was obvious they had grown too much for that to be physically possible. The auditorium stood remote from the other buildings. There was no safe path. Simply standing on the steps made him a target. But if he went back... "Lyle?" He went rigid as a shadow fell over him. "It really is you down there, isn't it?" "Professor Faver," he breathed. Despite her stature, she had somehow snuck over the steps without him noticing. "Please," she crooned with a huskiness her mousy voice shouldn't have been capable of. Cradling his chin in her disarmingly strong hand, she then traced her fingers along the sides of his snout. "You always call me Rachel." Rachel. She used to be a quiet little thing. Two feet shorter than him. The first year he started teaching here, he had almost bowled the meek grey mouse over by accident-she had laughed it off, and they became close colleagues. She was very pretty. Beautiful, in his opinion. They worked in the same department, often discussing this paper or that new theory. Making the rest of the faculty roll their eyes, well aware the two middle-aged adults looked at each other like lovesick teenagers. Lyle refused to believe that innocent mouse was capable of these atrocities. "How are you feeling?" he asked, wrapping a hand around one of her large fingers. Their heights had more

than fully reversed. She had to stoop to remain eye-level with him. Not quite as massive as Debbie or Melissa, but easily 10 feet. Twice her old height. And though her arms were still slim as the rest of her, sheer size made them broader than Lyle's. Her grip made it clear she could easily overpower him. "I feel better than ever. This is the most amazing thing I've ever experienced." The low voice spoke with would have been more suited to a bedroom. Rachel's eyelids drooped as she looked Lyle over. Appraising him in a way that almost made him feel like meat. "Do you know what the hell is happening?" He tugged on her finger. "We have to get out of here." "Oh, I agree." She let go of Lyle's chin only to envelop his hand in hers. "We should go somewhere more private." To stay level with him during their exchange, Rachel stooped. Rising to her full height, the view of her penis extinguished any hint of attraction that remained. Not just her penis. Her erection bobbed in front of him as if noiselessly laughing at his situation. "I never had the courage to say it until now, but you're so handsome Lyle." Rachel pulled the 400-pound bull along like a child. Ducking through the entrance to the auditorium lobby and leading him inside. Her tall rodent ears folded against the ceiling. "Those muscles. That body. You have to have known what you were doing to a tiny woman like me." Lyle had never been overpowered in his adult life. Rachel changed that as she smothered his shoulders in her grip then slammed his back hard against the wall. It hurt. She didn't care, digging once-tiny claws through his sweater and stinging his skin. Leaning forward, she rested the top of her head to the wall-leering down and licking her lips. Her cock occupied the space

between them, radiating unpleasant warmth while she grinded it against his chest. It exuded a thick, masculine odor that made him turn his head aside in disgust. "I always thought our first time would be romantic," she said, words spilling out faster. More excitedly. "You'd take me to a movie. We'd go back to your place... But you wanna know something crazy?" "Rachel," he gasped forcefully as he could, hoping to snap her out of this. "I think this is sooo much better," she went on, insisting weight on Lyle's shoulders. Forcing him to bend his knees and slide down against the wall, perspective descending until drooling mouse dick hovered in front of his face. "I want you to be the first to try it. To taste it. S-so open your mouth." Clumsily thrusting her hips forward, she probed his lips with her shaft. "Open your mouth, Lyle," she said, a professor's annoyance in her tone. He kept his jaw clamped. Breathing heavily as Rachel punished him by digging her claws deeper into his skin. Painful pinpricks drew a pained hiss through his clenched teeth. "I said." Palming his chin, Rachel wormed her fingers under his lips. "Open. Your." Her sentence ended with a loud yelp as something wrenched her away from Lyle. A moment's relief, then cold clarity. The only person who could have saved him from a woman Rachel's stature was someone even larger. "Hands off," snarled Debbie. Half again Rachel's height, she was down on one knee to avoid the ceiling. Black velour torn from the stage curtain made for a ragged skirt mid-thigh. She held the mouse's tail tight in her grip like a rope

"Get off of me!" Rachel screeched. She looked possessed-maybe she was, but not by a demon. Irrationally trying to stomp back to Lyle in spite of the firm grip on her tail. Romantic interest for Lyle mutated into sexual need by the raw, aching appendage pointing at him. "Oh, thank you," Lyle exhaled. "Debbie... thank you. Thank you thank you thank you." As he spoke, he scooched his back along the wall-creeping for the exit. "Don't thank her just yet." The door shook as Melissa slammed her hand against it. On her knees, clad in her own short curtain skirt, she gave him a bright-eyed smile he knew to be a facade. "Melissa!" So this was what it felt like to be intimidated by someone bigger than him. He didn't like it. Much less when he was the only man in a room cramped with giant female sadists. "You ran out earlier." She pouted her lower lip. "Bad move." "I'm sorry," Lyle said, looking from Melissa to Debbie. "Really. I went to get help for you girls, but-" "We don't need help," Debbie interrupted. She let go of Rachel, who immediately lunged for him. Lyle threw his hands up and closed his eyes. "You do." "Let go of me you slut!" Rachel howled. Unmolested, Lyle opened his eyes and saw her trying and failing to reach him. Stopped short by Debbie, who slowly dragged her back. "You're too fucking big for him!" Too big for him. The sentiment carried a dark implication as her precum splattered against the tiled floor. While struggling for freedom, she tugged on her shaft. Angry and aroused at once. Debbie glanced from the masturbating rodent to Lyle. When their eyes met, she smirked and licked her lips. "That remains to be seen."

"Besides, we saw him first, 'professor,'" Melissa added with a girlish giggle. "He's ours." "Yours," Lyle said. "Unless you'd rather we let you and your girlfriend here have some alone time," Debbie said-restraining the voracious rodent without trying. "This isn't right. You're going to be in so much trouble when-" "Oh. My. God. Can you just, like, shut. Up?" Melissa backhanded him in the chest. Either she didn't know her own strength or she had intended on leaving bruises. He went down pathetically onto his knees. "After all that mean stuff you said, you should be begging us to keep you safe." "Yeah," Debbie said. "One look outside and it seems Miss Horny here is the least of your worries." "So say you're ours," Melissa said. "Oh. Oh, say you're our little pet!" She clapped her hands. He'd trade one monster for two-but his chances did look better with the cheerleading squad. Different women grew to different heights and seemed to have a different amount of control over their faculties. It was unfair that a kind and beautiful lady like Rachel could turn into some feral, sex-starved beast while these cheerleaders kept their heads. But the world outside was more unfair than ever. He'd die on his own, and that was if he made it out the door. Assuming Debbie sicked Rachel on him, his odds of survival plummeted. Lyle looked away. He had to stop calling her Rachel. That thing wasn't her. "I'm your pet," he said hoarsely while rising to his feet. "...your little pet."

Debbie snickered. "Nice. Figured you'd see it our way." Then she yanked Rachel by the tail. As the rodent stumbled towards her, she hit her square in the face. "Rachel!" Lyle cried as she smacked down onto her back. Even if she had been about to rape him, he felt terrible. She wasn't in her right mind-she didn't deserve that. While Rachel groaned, Debbie held a fist over her. "What?" she said, glancing over at Lyle. "She's in our territory." "Lyle!" Rachel rolled her eyes upwards to give him a pleading look. "F-fuck, help me!" She sounded congested, both hands over her bloody nose. "Don't you love me, Lyle? Don't you-" Melissa stomped her in the gut and she spat out blood. "Why don't the teachers here ever know when to shut their mouths?" she said with a smile before delivering another stomp. Both she and Debbie looked expectantly at Lyle. When he didn't say anything, they savagely beat Rachel. Punched. Kicked. Stomped. Bitten. She pleaded with Lyle as if he could do anything to stop them. This was his chance to run-a chance he didn't take, because there was nowhere else he could go. When they finished with Rachel, Melissa lapped the blood off her knuckles like a contented feline. Debbie didn't bother with grooming; her dark fur hid the stains. Rachel scrabbled onto all fours and charged out the exit. Not swearing revenge or giving Lyle a second glance; she fled onto campus a feral animal. It might have been better to put the pulped rodent out of her misery. Who knew what she would do to who after licking her wounds. In some horrible way, Lyle envied her. The cheerleaders may have broken some of her bones, but she was free. He remained trapped. Forced to rely on the women who had assaulted her.

"Kate's waiting for you," Debbie said, nodding back towards the auditorium. "Kate," Lyle repeated through a lump in his throat. "Wouldn't leave her alone much longer," Melissa chimed. "Unless Debbie here wants to sneak off somewhere and-" "She'd kill us," Debbie interrupted, matter-of-factly. Both girls went silent, looking towards the auditorium entrance. Lyle went in first while they crawled after one at a time. "Took you two long enough." The podium center stage had been flattened beneath the weight of Kate's ass. Where she sat, splintered wood angled upwards and poked against her own curtain-made skirt. One leg crossed over the other, the cheetah almost looked regal. A barechested Amazon queen. "Professor Danvers! Smart to come back. Melissa told me it's hell out there. Good thing we have our own private hideout." Lyle walked down the center aisle. Impatient with his progress, Debbie and Melissa used their long legs to bump him forward. "Ladies," he said upon arriving like a tribute for the towering cheetah, "this isn't right. You know that. We should hide out here until-" "Oh, we're ladies, now?" Kate unfolded her legs with grace belied by size. Her paws thudded against the floor as she stood, carelessly exerting weight enough to crush his ribcage. Shy of her knee, Lyle reluctantly hiked his gaze up her body. Hands to her hips, she loomed without a word-as if savoring this appraisal in equal proportion to the dread he suffered. The skirt ran the exact length of her male extremities, and from this close, this low, he saw them in vivid detail.

"I thought we were girls, professor?" She lifted her paw up and smashed it down directly in front of him-so close he felt the air whip around it. He staggered back in alarm, only to bump into Melissa's leg. "No, no. Of course not," Lyle quavered as the cheerleaders formed a triangular formation. Arms crossed. Smirking. Smiling. Mocking. "Obviously not girls." He put on an unconvincing smile. "You're women." "Oh?" Kate quirked her brow. "And what does that make you?" "What?" A question for her question contorted Kate's face into one of utter range. She plunged down and picked him up with one hand. Palming his back, fingers thick as his forearms fastened around his chest. Squeezing until he gasped. "What. Does. That. Make. You?" Each word, she brought him higher off the ground, drew him closer to her maw. Abrupt punctuation came in a gnash of clacking teeth that caused him to wince until that last word, "You," streamed hot breath in his face-concluded by fangs snapping together inches from his face. He stared into her teeth. For the first time since this madness began, an utter coldness gathered in the pit of his stomach. The sort of feeling that must have come upon men on death row as they were being escorted to the chair. He wasn't just in danger of being roughed up like Rachel, no. One rib-crumpling squeeze from her hand. An effortless toss across the room. A lift and stomp of her paw. He could die today.

"Aw, he's shaking," she mocked in a babying coo, shaking him around like a toy. Then she wrenched him further up. From confronting her immaculate grin to half-lidded hubcap eyes with exaggerated eyelashes. "Answer the question." It took him a moment to even remember the question. "A... a man?" he rasped, uncertain what she wanted from him. "Mmm..." Kate tilted her head, lips pursed. "That doesn't sound quite right either." She let go. The drop hit his stomach in a violent lurch. A fall from that height could have broken bones, but it ended sooner than expected. He straddled a hard surface covered in black velour. It bobbed like a sturdy branch, pulsating beneath him. "Aw, it's a perfect fit," Melissa said. Hiked fabric extended from Kate's waist. Lyle slowly turned his back, looking over his shoulder. The head of her cock peeked out from her inadequate skirt. Handling him had gotten her hard-her erection alone had the strength to support him. Kate's laughter forced him to hold on tighter. He gripped a handful of velour with one hand while pressing the other to her quaking abdomen. "Could a man balance on top of a girl's dick?" she said. "Girls-" "Ladies," she snapped, brushing him off her cock. He reached for it. For anything he could brace himself with. But his hands found air. Pain exploded up his right arm as he fell on it. Better than his back. Padded cheetah toes the size of his head bumped against his chest, knocking him onto his back. Blanketing his torso with her paw. "We're. Fucking. Ladies, you twerp." "Ladies," he wheezed with the last reserves of air allowed by her oppressive paw.

The cheerleaders towered around him with their own expressions of amusement. Expressions half-eclipsed by the three erections pushing through their skirts. Melissa's and Debbie's kissed overhead, grazing against each other while Kate's lorded its superior size further above. When none of them said anything, he spoke up to veer their thoughts from the subject he knew they were contemplating. "I'll pass all of you. Perfect grades. I... I know people in the college. I can get you a free ride. For all four years." "Grades?" Kate scoffed. "Professor, I thought you were smart. Did you look outside? Grades are done. Your job is a joke. What, are you going to write an essay that changes what's going on?" "We don't know how far this goes. It could be a freak event. Only on our campus." "I don't think so." Kate shook her head. "They would've sent in the army or something. But no help has come." "No," he agreed numbly. "You're small. Weak. Pathetic, really. I'm kicking your ass without even trying." While she talked, the trio started fondling themselves. Balls shuddering as they tickled them with the tips of their claws. Their shafts nodded along like eager pets in need of affection; affection readily given as the girls started stroking. "All of your brains don't mean shit, professor. If you want to survive, you need to get in good with us." The moment she lifted her paw, Lyle sat up. "Tell me what I need to do," he pleaded. "That's easy." Kate took a few steps backwards then threw her hips towards the stage. Where Lyle felt easily breakable for the first time in his life, Kate must have been experiencing a

rush. Suddenly taller than Lyle's house and heavy enough to ram a hole in the stage with her bare ass. Melissa and Debbie watched her unblinkingly, as if waiting for a signal. "What?" Kate gave a dismissive wave. "I told you that you could have first dibs, didn't I? Besides, he couldn't handle me off the bat." In a huskier tone, she ordered: "Loosen him up for me." "Kate?" Lyle said as he scrambled to his feet. When she only smirked, he tried elsewhere. "Melissa? You're a good girl. Always so friendly." "Sorry professor," Melissa said as she reached down for him, "but it's been torture ignoring this thing. It's like it has a mind of its own." "Debbie!" He barked, whirling around and running right into her. Already squatting, she stopped him in place by grabbing his arms. "To tell you the truth, professor..." Debbie ran the lethal claws of a 15-foot panthress through the shoulders of his sweater, peeling them open like tissue paper while Melissa ripped through the back. "I had you at the top of my list." The words came in low and seductive octaves. "I saw the way you were thinking about it up on stage. I figured the way you looked at me? You'd rail my tight little ass by the end of the year." "You're better than this," he said. "I'm sorry for what I said. Just don't..." With his sweater removed, they got to work on his pants. He didn't resist. He tried steadying his trembling self for his own sake-the claws tracing his skin could have done much worse with a slipup. "But it looks like I'm the one who's gonna rail your tight little ass." She cupped his exposed butt in one hand and gave him a wink. "Oh." Her expression brightened. "Even better." She smoothed two fingers along the sides of his horn. "Handlebars."

"What I said was out of line," he spoke hurriedly. Trying to say his piece while he still could. They manhandled him without comment. Turning him around, hoisting him up. "But if you girls do this, there's no way you can undo it." "You were going to ruin our entire fucking lives," Kate snarled. "You didn't give a shit. So why should we?" It sounded like hyperbole to a middle-aged man, but college was all these girls had before the change. Mere moments before they grew, they regarded Lyle as a threat to their way of life. Someone to pester, beg, seduce-employing every trick three powerless cheerleaders could until he passed them. In another world, a world where this hadn't happened, maybe they had hunkered down and studied for the final. He might have taken pity if he knew they at least tried, given them the pass and hopefully taught the three a lesson on what college expected of them. Maybe he and Rachel would laugh about it over coffee. Commiserate about past students then wonder about the future. And with that subject broached, his hand would wander to hers andBut Rachel was a 10-foot monster nursing broken bones in some alley. Melissa, Debbie, and Kate would never learn a lesson in humility. With this new gift they may have grown physically, but they would be stunted as people-warped caricatures of themselves. Never needing to learn. Enabling their monstrous clique and only becoming worse. That sentiment for a better future had come to him like his life flashing before his eyes. He moved his mouth, unaware of what he said. Hurried pleas slurring over each other to tempt them out of this course.

"Open wide professor," Melissa sang, catching his jaw mid-whimper and forcing him to open his mouth all the way. He caught the tip of her cock, then she did the rest-inviting herself inside with a forceful thrust. He had no idea how Debbie joined in from the back. It wasn't as if he had ever considered having anal sex. Perhaps in some subtler way, men had changed as well. Their insides more pliable, holes conducive to appeasing their matriarchs. Some extra give didn't mitigate the agony that followed. He would have taken broken bones over this: spit-roasted by women twice his size. Suspended off the floor by their cocks alone. It felt like a grown man had rammed an arm up his sphincter and started rooting around inside. Lyle thrashed in desperation, gagging on Melissa's cock as it rammed through his mouth. His eyes bulged readily as his throat and stomach while both women moaned in ecstasy. "You are one tight bitch, professor," Debbie grunted. "Fffuuck, it feels good to be the one saying that. Having a cock is-" "Awesome," Melissa purred. "Bite down a little harder for me, okay prof? Those tiny herbivore teeth really get me going." Back and forth they pumped him. Whenever Debbie yanked him back by the "handlebars" the torture of choking on a cock lodged halfway into his throat alleviated, only for the fullness of the panther's penetration to grow unbearable-insides set to burst. Conversely, when Melissa seized him by the hips and wrenched him towards her, he went back to choking. Trying to cough or force down hair. Feeling slick precum bypass his gag reflexes and slither down his gullet.

It may have seemed like a collaboration. A threesome with the unfortunate Lyle stuck in the middle. But Debbie and Melissa vied for him. Trying to hog as much of his body as one could while denying the other. Kate sat unopposed as the leader of their perverted clique. These two didn't seem interested in sharing the second spot. While they ravaged Lyle, put him through throat-andstomach-bulging anguish, they glared at each other while letting out territorial growls punctuated by intermittent moans. Lyle experienced each throb from the inside. The aroused flare of a cockhead crammed past the back of his mouth or swelling against his stomach. The rigid flesh grew warmer, raising his body temperature. Couldn't he pass out? Wasn't the body supposed to go into shock past a certain point? Shouldn't his brain have been pumping out endorphins to keep his sanity from fracturing? No such relief came. Their movements grew erratic, the fight for Lyle ending in a tie as they drew their hips closer together. Simultaneously forcing their cocks deep as they could. An awful crack came amidst their carnal rutting as Debbie ripped his horns, the symbol of a bull's manhood, clean off; she tossed them aside without comment. They were going to cum inside him, and all he could do was look up with pleading eyes and pray to them. Pray to an airhead and a slut who suddenly had the power to choose whether he lived or died. "That's enough!" It was Kate who he should have prayed to. She stepped in and shoved her friends aside. The relief was so great Lyle didn't even notice his fall, crumpled on the floor in front of the stage. Taking in shuddering breaths, jaw feeling permanently unhinged.

He managed to roll onto his back. Above him loomed Debbie and Melissa, both vigorously pumping their dicks. Moans filling the auditorium as they found release. Sloppy streaks of seed painted his glossy black coat white. Each load made him feel greasy, working a pungent scent into his fur. Both women lolled their tongues and panted, looking utterly relieved. Only they enjoyed relief. Kate bent over and fished Lyle off the floor. "Kate, I can't take it," he whimpered as she sat back down onstage and held him above her cock. Grazing a cockhead the size of his backside against it. "I'll... I'll fucking die." "Then I'll find another fleshlight," she said with a shrug. "You know how many guys would beat the shit out of each other to have sex with the star of the TSU cheerleading squad? You should be thanking me, professor." "Kate." It throbbed with impatience. "Kate, Kate, Kate... just put me down. Put me down, please. I'll do anything you want." "Thank me. And maybe I'll finish quick." Just a shred of the dignity Lyle had at the start of the day and he would have gone down cursing. Calling her out as the brat she was. But his throat burned, his ass ached, he reeked of cum and all that remained of his horns were ragged nubs. "Thank you," he whimpered-hoping for a scrap of mercy. The cheetah smirked. "You're welcome, professor." She fucked him savagely. Viciously. Just to hear him scream. Ramming him up and down in a nauseating ride that turned his world into a blur of golden-yellow overlaid with black spots. Her moans exploded through the auditorium. The stage rocked and creaked with her weight. His insides were forced to crowd each other in ways they had never been made to, every part of him pushed aside for more cock.

It bubbled inside him. He tried to beg but he had screamed his throat dry. His body still refused to go into shock; it felt like a punishment to be lucid. What was the universe punishing him for? Because he had talked down to some spoiled rotten rich girl? Had told a slut trying to get in his pants no? Hadn't given a ditz a free pass? Just as it felt like she would jackhammer him into two, she came. There had been no warning that sunny afternoon. It betrayed no hint of what was to come. Who could have guessed such a perfect day would end in a death toll millions and climbing? ...and among that body count, Professor Lyle Danvers. A bitter last thought as his abused body quit on him, the strong bull fucked near bursting by a 20-foot cheetah. Except death was supposed to be cold, not warm. Painless, not agonizing. Death didn't involve a nauseating slosh from gallons of jizz befouling his gut. A perpetual, pounding ache in his ass that made him moan as he woke. The floor was smooth and cold. A welcome contrast to his naked, sweating body. Similar groans came from all around. Lyle forced himself to ignore the agony as he sat upright. Ceiling lights illuminated the gymnasium. Thirty, maybe forty men came to in the middle of the basketball course-all naked like himself. Jocks, nerds, other professors... their stomachs distended in the same grotesque fashion. Lyle caught the eye of a poor bloated fox, who quickly looked away and started hacking cum onto the floor. "Enough of you look awake for us to start." Well-versed in the dangers of being in a woman's presence, they turned to the head of the gymnasium. Kate smirked down at the men in her new TSU top. A banner ripped from somewhere on campus tied around her chest. Some men cried out, crawling in the opposite

direction. She made no move to stop them; when one of them made it to an exit, they all cried in dismay-falling backwards and scooting along the floor. More women began crawling inside through the double doors. Melissa entered and caught Lyle's eye. She gave him a wink before letting a fox a head shorter than her in. Women soon surrounded the basketball court. All conventionally attractive species. Limber, with strong bodies. Cheerleaders. They had all been taken hostage by cheerleaders. Nine in total. The smallest around the height Rachel had been. And still the tallest... "Welcome!" Kate boomed. "To orientation." No men spoke up. The fight had been fucked out of them; the day's trauma still stung their bodies-expressions of dismay became uniform across their faces as they realized no one was coming to help. "I'm sure you boys know..." Kate clasped her hands behind her back and strolled the perimeter of the court. Every other cheerleader made way for their pack leader. "But the world is fucked. And by this point, all of you have been fucked, too. By us." Students around Lyle shuddered as their eyes met the women who had claimed them. He almost wanted to comfort them. That was what Professor Danvers would do. He was older. More experienced. But he was no longer Professor Danvers. Those girls had fucked him into a shell of the man he was. He sat in silence, avoiding eye contact like cattle waiting for slaughter. "Luckily for you boys, the girls of TSU are still a pack. And so long as you can make yourselves useful to us, we can keep you safe from all the big, bad girls. Good deal, right?"

"Can we start picking them?" Melissa exclaimed in that bubbly way of hers, paws thundering as she hopped up and down-wide, boy-hungry eyes surveying all her possible victims. Kate, standing on the other side of the man pile, stomped straight through them. Most scuttled out of her way. Some failed to. The fox next to Lyle shrieked as splintered bone punctured his flattened leg. "No one talks when I'm talking, Melissa." Kate shoved the wolf, sending her crashing backwards-leaving a deep dent in the cheap plastic bleachers. "S-sorry, Kate," Melissa hissed out, easing herself upright while wincing through the pain. "Forgive her rudeness, boys." Kate pivoted on one paw then slammed the other down like a judge's gavel. "But she is right: we will be picking you. Think of it like getting chosen for teams. Whichever one of us chooses you, you'll serve. And if you don't serve..." She stepped forward without ceremony. A half-second shriek, then the sickening crunch of her concentrated tonnage flattening someone's skull. "I wanted that one," a tigress sulked. "As alpha bitch here at TSU, I'll be choosing first." A lull fell over the men. Even the ones with broken bones bit their tongues to stay quiet; they could survive the runts-but the cheetah towering taller than the bleachers seemed like a death sentence. She feigned a considering hum, propping her chin to her pointer finger. "Now which of you should... I... pick..." Kate took time to let every male stew underneath her gaze. They didn't need to worry. As the smile drew further up her lips, Lyle knew exactly who she would pick. His

black coat made him stand out against the bright tan paneling of the floor. He was bigger than anyone else they had caught. When their eyes met, his ears began to ring-his heart racing faster and faster. He saw her lips form: "Professor Danvers," but didn't hear it. With what strength he had left, he tottered to his feet. Almost wishing he could have been part of the death toll as each waddling step exacerbated the internal trauma of the gangbang. When he walked out of bounds and arrived at Kate's feet, he collapsed. Unconsciousness was coming for him again. Kate squatted down, intent on being the last thing he heard before waking up again. "You're going to be my favorite, professor," she whispered while the remainder of their pack drafted toys. "I hope you last a while."
