Martin had left them. Not like he had a choice, was what he told himself in the heat of the moment. Except he had. He knew that. It had been an upper-class nightmare. McMansions collapsing as their owners outgrew them from the inside-out. He had narrowly escaped his own seismic step-mother. If not for her sudden need to abuse the massive cock that had blossomed between her legs like some obscene alien tree, he might've been pulp like dad. "Martin!" It had been Becka crying for him while bounding across the lawn with a lion's speed. Or maybe it was Bella? No, no. It had to be Becka. He remembered her ponytail now; hair was the only way to tell his twin step-sisters apart by appearance. The collapsed garage ceiling had crushed almost all their cars. Not Martin's. He glimpsed Bella in its rearview, ugly pigtails waving as she did desperate jumping jacks for his attention. She had distracted him-he almost hadn't noticed Becka running into the road to get in his car's way. He looked her in the eye then floored it. Realizing he meant business, she had leapt aside. Whether or not she watched his speeding sports car recede into the distance, Martin had no idea because he never looked back. Fate seemed to reward him for this decision. He, unlike everyone else, had made it. He had driven straight through the apocalypse then kept driving: around towns, down highways. Wherever he went the scenes all played out the same. Every man dead or worse. The women... the anthro women-

Except, no. They couldn't be classified as women anymore. Something had changed inside and out. These were monsters. The smallest among them towered head and shoulders above Martin while he had only seen evidence of the absolute largest-swaths of felled trees and pool-sized craters in the shapes of paws. All the broken homes and abandoned highways he passed reminded him of the end to some zombie flick, except these were predators of the sexual variety. They didn't just rape men, they raped then killed them. Some did it in the opposite order, others both at once. The world had become some fucked up gore carnival run by rampaging penis-toting women the size of apartment buildings. But again: Martin had made it. He figured someone would have ransacked the place by the time he got there, but no. The woods were serene with chirping crickets indifferent to a world in crisis; he hadn't heard a soul these past two nights. No one else must have known about the private cabin. His family was loaded-rather, his dad was loaded. His stepmother was a filthy freeloader. When Martin was a boy, she had been the help. Some lioness maid before his dad got all smitten. It wasn't that she was a maid that bothered him. It was that she was an anthro. He and his father were humans and in his opinion better. "Serves dad right," he growled as grisly memories of his gargantuan step-mother resurfaced. "Can only hope she flattened her own brats too." Martin popped the lid off his latest bottle then chugged it empty in one go. He had always been a drinker and the past few days only exacerbated his needs. At least he was living in luxury. Power outages had been the norm wherever he drove, but the old family cabin had a backup generator to its backup generator. The place was huge, at

least by cabin standards. Two rustic stories of sanded pine built over a lake. It had power, it had heat in the form of a roaring fireplace, and it had a fridge stuffed enough to survive the apocalypse. Though he was sure this couldn't be the apocalypse-apocalypse. The government would sort this nonsense out. Any day now he reckoned. Some of those women were huge, sure, but huge couldn't survive a missile. Martin chucked his bottle. It pinged against the wall, shattering into shards which scattered in front of the fireplace. Rummaging through his pocket he produced his phone. "No signal." It couldn't take that long to get things back to normal, right? It's not like every single woman in the world had turned into one of those freaks. His sisters-step-sistershad seemed normal at the end. Martin found himself thinking about them a lot, not out of any sense of guilt. More a lack thereof. Good riddance. The second those brats moved into his dad's place, he had wanted them gone. Big bro this, big bro that. A decade in a mixed-species household had only let resentment fester. What had they done to deserve his inheritance? He hated them; what was worse was that they didn't hate him. They went off to college. He didn't. Yet they still somehow admired Martin, as if his coldness only made them want to get closer. Of course, dad warned him to play nice and dad had the money. Had. Past tense. Martin was the last living heir. This cabin was his, so he could do whatever the fuck he wanted. He smiled to himself, remembering the look of utter betrayal on Becka's ugly lion mug when he almost ran her over. She had gotten out of the way at the very last moment. She must not have believed he'd run over his own sister, which was true. He'd never hurt family.

But she wasn't his sister. An anthro wasn't family. "Hello?" Pawing through the ice chips of his beer cooler, Martin froze and listened. "Hey, is someone there?" A timid voice calling from outside. A woman's voice. He was up from the den couch before he could second-guess himself. Nobody who sounded like that could have been one of them. She must have been a survivor like him-a cute one from the sounds of it. If it was a human woman, he'd welcome her inside. If it was an anthro, he'd shake a stick at her or do whatever else scared animals off. Growing up rich, women had a tendency to fall into his lap. He drank, he smoked, he had gratuitous amounts of sex and was grateful for none of it. This last week had to be a record for how long he went without getting his dick wet though. By the time he was at the door, he had run through several wild Adam-and-Eve fantasies in his head. "Hello?" Martin called from the porch but received only a crickets' choir in reply. The surrounding thicket waved eerily in the wind. He jogged down the porch steps onto the dark gravel driveway. "You out there?" "Hey." She emerged from around the side of the cabin, huge enough that she could casually rest her elbow overtop the porch awning. The world had a strange but familiar flavor to it: a nightmare. Except Martin was awake. A million years of survival instincts kicked in. In short order they charted the trajectory between himself and the porch, the front door, the woods... There was no scenario where he outran legs that long.

She was a raccoon. At least eight feet and standing stark naked. "Knew I'd find a guy out here." Her hand slithered across the underside of an erection large as the beer bottle Martin just guzzled. The way she teased her glans made it seem she was contemplating him guzzling her cock much the same. There was a horrible pause. One Martin drew out for as long as he could. The moment those keen anthro eyes saw even a twitch of movementHands caught his shoulders. He grunted as his back bit gravel. She had tackled him in a blink, his view swarmed by a toothy grin wide enough to bite his face off. Her calm demeanor had given way to sexual excitement. She poured desperate breaths over Martin while the erratic rutting of her hips scraped weighty pounds of hot flesh against his chest. "Help!" Martin cried, his pitch finding its peak then drying out. "Heeeeel-phphhhh." The raccoon's tongue beat savagely against his own then crowded inside his mouth. She grinded against him. His eyes flew wide as hers drew low. He knew what these women, these things, were capable of when they got horny. He had seen some poor wolf shamble out of a convenience store on trembling legs, one hand settled over the swell of a water balloon gut. Streaks of cum drooled around his muzzle as if it were an overfull glass. When the guy toppled over, Martin hadn't stopped to see if he was still alive. Plenty he came across weren't. And though this woman was on the smaller end-a scavenger looking for mates where greater monsters didn't bother to roam-he knew getting a beer bottle's worth of dick rammed up his ass would be torture.

"Oh, I can't wait to put this in you," she crooned. Martin tried to force himself up only to be slammed back down. Her height more than made up for her slender arms. "Every time I find some guy, he's always used goods. Then I come out here and get a virgin human. You're so smooth, so soft, so fuck-" The raccoon yelped like a stricken puppy as she flew weightless through the air. She hit the ground on her side, accumulating gravel in her fluffy coat as she tumbled sideways several times before ending on her back with a pained groan. Martin immediately leapt to his feet. "Hands off our big bro." He wasn't alone by the porch. Two women at his sides loomed like guard dogs. "Fuck off," the raccoon wheezed, rolling onto her side then baring her teeth in a pained ricuts. "I found him first. G-get your own guy." Digitigrade cat paws beat prints into gravel as these women took threatening strides towards the raccoon. They were a story-high each. Twice Martin's height. Tall enough to peruse the cabin's second-floor windows while standing. Both swung their hips at an identical sway, huge tails tracing agitated curlicues in the air behind them. Short tawny fur overlaid rippling back muscles he didn't remember being there, and even from the rear he could see basketballsized nuts bouncing past their thigh gaps. The redhead with pigtails turned to stand by the raccoon's head. The redhead with a ponytail towered near her feet. Hands on their hips, Martin's massive step-sisters leered down at the raccoon. Bella heaved her right paw up. Becka her left. The raccoon managed half a shriek before two twins stomped two tons of weight upon her fragile skeleton.

The nauseating bone crunch made Martin flinch back towards the porch. He clutched tight to a wooden column while giggling Bella popped this raccoon's skull like a grape. Becka caved the ribcage. She was already dead but they kept stomping. Again and again, painting their paws bloody. Martin inched his way up the steps. When he reached the porch, a floorboard's creak made him stiffen. Both twins' heads swiveled in unison, stilled paws lingering in the bony soup that his would-be rapist had become. "Girls!" Martin faked a grin. "I'm so, so relieved you got out okay. I tried calling you." He pulled out his phone but his hand shook so badly he dropped it right away. Rather than bend over to retrieve it, he crept in reverse until his back met the front door. He traced his hand across its rough wooden make until he found the brass doorknob. "We're glad to see you too, big bro." It was Bella who cooed this. Ditzy, dumbass Bella whose pigtails still reflected a childishness that persisted even in her college years. Even now with warm gristle between her toes. "Though I guess 'big' bro is a bit misleading," said Becka. Martin hated his siblings equally, but at least this one had a head on her shoulders. Cocks thick as his forearm flopped from one thigh to the other as the twins strutted towards the cabin. The porch awning obscured them above the waist until they ducked, palms pressed to its wooden ceiling while they got a better view of Martin. "Mom says hi," said Becka. The coldness in her eyes told him she had been thinking about his betrayal just as much as he had. "'Little' bro."

"Little bro!" Bella covered her maw to stifle a fit of giggles; she found everything funny. "That's soooo cute. Ohmigod Becka." She shook her twin's shoulder in excitement. "He really is our little bro now!" "'He sure is." The way they looked at Martin made him feel like a particularly juicy cut of meat behind a butcher's display case. "How did you guys know where to find me?" Martin slowly turned the doorknob until he felt the subtle chunk of the undone bolt. "Oh, we didn't," Becka said. "But it's hell out there, and we didn't grow very much compared to most women, so we needed a good place to ride things out. We've been fighting our way through." "And," said Bella, biting down on her lower lip as she glanced side to side before hissing out, "fucking." She giggled over the word in embarrassment. Like there was still a shred of modesty in her despite parading around naked with that meaty slab hanging between her thighs. "I even found my old boyfriend and-" "He didn't last too long," Becka finished for her, cheeks dimpling into a cruel smirk. "I couldn't stop," Martin spoke fast. An elevator pitch as to why these creatures wearing his step-siblings' skins should spare him. "With your mom like that, I mean-I panicked! She could've crushed me without even realizing. A-and look! You both turned out okay, yeah? You're strong. You're big... really, really big. So no harm." "And it looks like you stayed the same." Becka began clambering over the porch rails. Wood creaked beneath the weight of her palms. "You're so small now. Any girls like that mean raccoon could come and gobble you up."

Martin pushed his back against the door. It opened and he stumbled into the foyer. Becka stretched her upper torso across the porch, muzzle intruding past the threshold. Even on all fours it hung eye-level for Martin. Her broad tongue slithered out to trace a sensuous perimeter from left to right, glossing her lips with saliva. "But don't worry." Becka's speech went sultry, not sister-to-brother but lover-to-lover. "Big sis is gonna take real good care of you..." She kissed the last word out: "...cutie." Martin slammed the door on her face. It hit her snout then recoiled back, re-revealing a smirk broken into a vicious snarl. Slobber streaked from her maw as she loosed a roar that shook the cabin. Becka would have caught him with her forward lunge if the doorframe hadn't caught her. Splintered shards flew where it absorbed the momentum of shoulders too broad for the threshold. Martin blitzed into the hallway. The groan of fracturing wood concluded with a crunch as Becka thundered into the foyer wearing the cabin's doorframe around her neck. By that point he had made it through the den and slipped out a sliding glass door onto the rear deck. "Martin!" His step-sister's monstrous voice pursued. "Get your tiny ass back here and talk to your big sister." Wooden planks thudded against the weight of his sneakers as he charged towards the end of the dock. He leapt for the motorboat waiting at the end... "Gotcha!" ...and found himself pedaling air. Insipid giggles bubbled overhead. Bella had followed around from the back. She held Martin by his underarms like a five-year-old, effortlessly rotating him to face a braindead bimbo's grin festooned with teeth that could separate his head from his body in one gnash. "It

was awfully mean of you to leave us behind." The lioness pouted her lower lip out. "You're supposed to take care of your sisters, Marty." "Put me the fuck down, Bella." Martin wrestled with forearms strong as girders. "I'm still your big brother. You two can't treat me this way." "Aw, I can feel you shaking. Don't worry, bro. I forgive you! Family should stick together, after all. We're all you've got in this big, scary world of big, scary ladies." Ignoring Martin's protests, Bella returned to the cabin with him tucked beneath her right arm like a parcel. She set him on his feet before kneeing him in the back. He stumbled into the den where Becka waited for him. The glass door shattered apart as Bella ducked in after. She and Becka could stand upright here, their ears folded flat against the cabin's highest ceiling. Martin had shared this room with his step-sisters more times than he could remember. But never like this. He was forced to crane his neck to meet their eyes. The way they towered really did make him feel like the younger sibling. Becka crossed her arms in a pout, scowl judging from above the jut of a bust that had grown even faster than herself. Bella's identical chest bounced as she quaked with room-filling laughter. "So," Martin said, "what happens now?" His huge little sisters knelt across from each other. Even on their knees they dwarfed Martin: a full head higher. Bella's body blockaded the backdoor, meanwhile he couldn't even see the hallway behind Becka. "Well, we didn't expect to find you," said the more level-headed beast. "But I guess it's as much your cabin as it is ours."

"Plus we can keep you safe from all the other girls!" Bella scooped Martin up from behind, crushing the wind out of him with a bear hug. When she let go he hit the floor on all fours. "Awh, I hope you don't break too easy." "There's a lot of women out there who'd pounce the second they saw you." Becka pressed her finger into Martin's chin to tilt his head up until their eyes met. She teased the side of her claw back and forth, a knife's edge threatening to skewer. "I know I would." Martin scrambled to his feet. "It's nice of you to let me s-stay..." Killer giants or not, maybe he would be safer with them. "Family does have to stick together, after all." He turned to plead with Bella. Her head had grown bigger but the brain inside remained a walnut. What he saw left him petrified. "Beckaaa," Bella whined. Floorboards groaned with each restive shift of her heavy hips. She had one hand curled into a fist, which she bit hard enough to draw blood. The other hefted the underbelly of an erection that would put an elephant's to shame. "When can I play with him?" "Who said you could?" Becka snarled-ferocity rekindled instantly. "Maybe I want him for myself. Ever think of that?" "But big bro remembers how well I treated my dolls when I was little, right?" Bella reached for Martin. "He knows I'd treat him just as good." Becka slapped her sister's hand away. "He'd go with me, obviously. He respects me." Shade fell upon Martin as the sterner sibling glowered from directly overhead. "Right, little brother? "Let him choose!" Bella shoved her sister back.

"Fine," Becka huffed through clenched teeth. "Go ahead, Martin. Decide which of us gets to fuck you." "What?" The question would have knocked Martin off his feet again if Bella's hand hadn't arrived to catch him by his side. "C'mon, Marty," Bella cooed, rubbing a thumb against his cheek. He shoved at her hand until it recoiled. "I'll be real gentle. Promise." "Please," Becka scoffed. Martin found himself turning from one step-sister to another. Facing them each time they spoke. "You know Bella has the self-control of an animal." She gave her flaccid shaft a stroke. It throbbed alive at her touch. "You'll at least survive after I'm done with you." "You can't seriously want to fuck me," Martin said. "I'm your brother." "Step-brother," both twins corrected at once. "And even if we were related by blood, I don't think I could help myself," Becka said, erection engorging of its own accord. "You two can have the cabin!" Martin blurted. "I'll... I'll go, okay? How's that? You'll never see me again and-" "But we want to see you," Bella interrupted. "You're still our big-little brother." "And you don't have a choice," Becka said. "It's either that horny klutz or me." "I'm not a klutz, you bitch!" Low feline growls rumbled through the room, two territorial mammals' lips peeled back to bare fangs as they glared each other down. Through Martin's terror, a plan came to him. He cleared his throat. Their glares shifted down at once. Hungry eyes watched intent, tails thumping irritably against the floor and walls. "I couldn't choose between one of my little

sisters." Martin tried his hardest to sound sincere. "You're both so..." His throat bobbed as he fought down a hint of bile. "...beautiful. It'd be wrong to play favorites." "Well I'm more beautiful. Come here." Becka enveloped Martin's right arm in her hand and yanked him towards her. "Hey!" Pain exploded through his left shoulder as Bella almost ripped his left arm from its socket. "I need him. You can have him after I'm done." "Like I'd take your sloppy seconds." "Girls!" Martin pleaded while they wrenched him back and forth like a favorite doll. Pain seared anew each time. At any moment one of them might tear an arm clean off. Both women leaned forward to butt heads. They released Martin and he jumped out from between them a moment before their huge bodies collided. The peaceful den turned cacophonous with broken floorboards and furniture as he bolted into the ruined hallway. "He's mine!" and other possessive declarations bellowed from the beasts that had been his sisters. Martin snatched his car keys up from the floor on his way through the ruined front door, shoes pounding gravel while he fled. Catlike yowls lulled. The fight came to a sudden halt. "Where's Marty?" Bella's question echoed outdoors. A click of Martin's key fob made his car answer that question with an obnoxious unlock chirp. He heard thuds, cracks, crunches-the noises produced by massive bodies carelessly wrecking everything around them while reorienting. As he hurried onto the driver's seat he heard the front window explode from the inside. His rearview showed the porch roof collapsing atop one of them; not that a hunk of wood would hold them for long.

Martin threw on his seatbelt while also turning the key in its ignition. He ripped the car out of park to wheel it around and aim for the road. His headlights fell upon Becka, blocking the only way out. "I wish I'd run you over when I had the chance, you bitch!" Martin hammered the gas, speeding straight for the lioness. Adrenaline brought a madman's grin to his face as his car went 0 to 60 in a heartbeat. He white-knuckled the wheel, bracing for the inevitable, satisfying crunch of bone as she went flying. "You don't mean that big bro." But it didn't come. The car's momentum cut off at anticlimax. A sudden uphill incline pitched him back into his seat. His foot remained on the pedal; wheels turned on air. He flinched as Becka battered her wet black nose against the front window. "Right?" An angry bark misted the glass with breath. Becka was larger than his car. Becka was heavier than his car. But Martin hadn't suspected Becka was stronger than his car until now-until too late. She had caught it head-on then lifted it with ease; now his car stood on its rear bumper. The front fender sank into the undersides of her massive breasts, poured overtop the hood. She had to lean forward to level her snarl with the window. Martin beeped his horn over and over. "Let me the fuck down Becka!" Instead he rose higher, his car lifted by the rear until he again sat at normal elevation.

"That was a nasty trick you pulled back there." Bella's muffled baby-talk cooed through the car's interior. "You almost made us both miss out, naugh-ttyyy." An obscene moan spilled out of her as she layered drool across the rear window with a series of licks. "But family shouldn't fight," said Becka. "They should share. Right, Bella?" "Yeah." "What the hell are you guys doing?" Martin asked as the twins began heaving the car left to right, left to right. "One..." Bella said. "Two..." Becka counted. "Guys!" Martin shrilled as they tossed his car back towards the cabin. It landed in front of the collapsed porch, tires blown out the instant they touched ground. An airbag punched him square in the nose. He beat at the airbag, trying to wrestle it back into the compartment-until a loud crunch came from just beyond the front window. Martin went very still, peering over the airbag to see his front hood crumpled beneath a paw. Giggles pervaded the car. His jaw trembled, breaths hitched to hyperventilation as claws cut gashes through the ceiling. Cracks skittered down side windows, then tinkled across the car's interior. His sisters had crammed their fingers inside to grip the ceiling, and with a final pull they surgically removed the car roof like the lid on a gift box. Martin saw them from the knee up: Becka at the head, Bella taking the rear. Their lumbering cocks met in the middle, hanging parallel in a lurid canopy.

"Heeey, big bro!" Bella bent over and sliced his seatbelt apart as if it were made of string. She gripped his underarms then yanked him from his ruined car to be held between herself and Becka. His tearful look implored one of his sisters then the other. He couldn't find a shred of sympathy. They were desensitized to violence, sexual and otherwise. He had no doubt in his mind that they had the capacity to fuck him-whether or not it was to death, that all depended on his own endurance. "I... I still haven't decided which of you I want," he managed. Half the syllables that made up his sentence were inaudible sobs. "Awh, that's alright bro," Bella said. "We know you want us both so bad." Martin could see from their eyes that he had already been raped a thousand times. They were going over all the sick ways they could enjoy his body. "There's two of us," Becka said-hooking a claw inside the collar of his polo then cleaving her way down, "and you've got two holes." Neither of them actually held Martin past that point. It would've best been described as "falling in place." When one hand left, another bludgeoned him in the air. Their claws moved at a rapid pace but were clumsy with hunger, stinging bloody nicks across his skin while they ripped his outfit apart like tissue. "You don't have to do this." Martin stared down Becka's cock like the barrel of a shotgun. He was suspended horizontally in the air, both arms gathered in one of her huge hands and hoisted overhead. Meanwhile Bella gripped his thighs while kneading his butt with her thumbs.

"And you didn't have to leave us behind," Becka said. She didn't glower at her pale, vulnerable brother. She only smiled, as if remembering a life from long ago. "But you did. So open wide, big bro." "I can't," he sobbed, though it came out, "I caahh," with her thumb and forefinger prying apart his jaw. His impassioned, "You'll kill me," became an almost comical, "Oo-ill-eee." "You're a tough guy. You'll surprise yourself. I didn't even know bodies could stretch the way they did until two days ago." Becka counteracted the strength of Martin's jaw with those two fingers, forcing his mouth wider until a painful pop unhinged its joints. "Like this!" Bella cried. The pain in his jaw was horrible, but Martin screamed for her sudden advances. Without warning she shunted her thumbs straight inside his asshole then began prying it apart. Sphincter muscles fighting to flex back to their tight shape only compounded the anguish. "Oh, yeah," Bella whispered at husky octaves-a parody of what she must have figured a guy in a porno would sound like. Thinking it suited her now that she was the one who would be doing the penetrating. "You're going to be molded around this dick." "You're more liable to live if you don't squirm," Becka advised their toy. "We haven't killed every guy we've played with." "Just most of them." On the subject of fucking her older brother to death, Bella sounded chipper as ever. "Ready?" The eager nod of Becka's cockslit smeared musky leakage across Martin's face. "Ready!" Bella chirped.

It seemed impossible that Martin could take cocks this huge. But his jaw had been dislodged past any natural limitations-sprained, possibly broken from the way the joints crackled. His cheeks bulged wide enough to make their elastic flesh ache. Turgid glans scraped along his teeth as they brute-forced their way inside to push up against his hard palate and weigh his tongue flat to the floor of his mouth. He gagged, but dry heaves couldn't dislodge this much sisterly love. Then Bella made it infinitely worse. She withdrew her thumbs then plowed his virgin asshole with a cock fat as one of his own thighs. "Ssssoooo good," Bella hissed, hands enveloping Martin's hips. "See, bro?" Becka released Martin's arms to handle him by the shoulders. Without her support his arms fell limp below him. His swimming eyes climbed up in their sockets to search for some impossible mercy, each sob only stimulation for his sister's cock. "Mmmh," Bella hummed-yanking Martin towards her. "Hey!" Becka pulled hard on Martin's shoulders. Every inch of relief given to his throbbing ass went unnoticed as dick meat excavated deeper inside his mouth. He choked out an urgent sound, the lioness's head now grazing the back of his throat. "I need some too." "You'll break his neck if you keep that up." Bella declared tug-of-war by pulling on Martin again. Back and forth his sisters yanked him, each time warping his fragile body a little more to the whims of their flesh flagpoles. His distended abdomen bulged with Bella's cock one moment, then Becka renovated his throat so that it bloated like a frog's. Both giants bickered and moaned while wrenching at their older brother. Martin begged his body to lose consciousness. He wouldn't mind death at this point. Tears streamed down his

ruddy cheeks as he felt himself breaking apart from the inside out. Some organ would rupture. His jaw would pop off. Angry words gave way to giggles overhead. "This is silly," Bella said. "It's hard to think straight with these things," Becka agreed. They raised their hands above their heads and clasped them together, bridging the space above Martin. His sisters touched foreheads and looked down at their spit-roasted step-sibling. "Let's do it," Bella whispered. They fucked their brother with the harmony expected of two twins. Rather than jealously fight over his body, they shared. First drawing their hips back, then ramming them forwardeach thrust a jolt that made Martin's ears ring, his body spasm. Out, then in. An unimportant bone snapped somewhere inside. Out, then in. His hands flailed without thought. Out, then in. Trailing snot stifled his breaths. His eyes did a spin-cycle in their sockets. His body temperature rose to match the fevered heat emanating from Bella and Becka's shafts. He didn't know if that was his heartbeat he felt or the pulses running through their veins. Maybe both-they had fucked so deep inside him that Martin swore their tips must have kissed somewhere inside his guts. They were conjoined in that moment, and he was the bridge between them. Leonine roars raked across the evening. Spunk gurgled to fill every cranny of Martin's body, searing his insides. It sloshed through his belly, plumped outwards by the load until he had put on at least 50 pounds. Excess gushed out his ass, poured out his lips-a bit even came out his nose.

His sisters clutched so tight to their toy they would leave welts in the shape of their fingertips. It took incredible strength to rip their soaked shafts free. Despite the sheer weight of their cum inside him, Martin felt empty without their cocks. They discarded him. He hit the ground on his side, Bella's cum oozing out his gaping asshole while he retched up Becka's. "Is he still alive?" Bella nudged Martin onto his back like roadkill. Becka squatted over him with a curious frown. It broke into a smile. "Yep. Hey bro, good job." "Though... isn't it a little weird?" Bella murmured. "I mean, would you really want to call this thing our brother? He barely looks human now that we're through with him." Becka swirled her finger around inside Martin's unhinged mouth. She withdrew it glistening with her own juices then popped it into her mouth, licking her lips as if it had been icing. "You know, dad never did let us have a family pet growing up..." Runoff splashed off Bella's half-flaccid cock as she hopped up and down while clapping her hands. "Ohmigod, Beck-aaa, you always have the most adorable ideas. Hear that, Marty?" She doubled over to beam down, unfazed by his tortured expression. "You're gonna be our pet!" "Though 'Marty' is a people-name," Becka said. In her squatting pose she grasped her drooping cock then dragged it across Martin's face for the humiliating hell of it. "You're right. Rex? Humie? M-" "I was thinking... Cumdump." Bella cackled at this. "Cumdump! Our big, strong bro. How does that sound, boy? Huh? Cumdump?"

At that exact moment a bubble of cum formed past Martin's lips then popped. That left both sisters in hysterics. They rose to hug each other, as if this had been nothing more than a bonding experience. "I'm glad we're such a close family," Becka said. Movement caused Martin's body to teach him fresh forms of agony as she scooped him into her arms. "C'mon, Cumdump." She carried him in through the smashed front window. "You can sleep on the floor. You've got a long day of training ahead."
