He wasn't sure what possessed him that day. It could've been the new coffee brand they put in the breakroom Keurig. That extra caffeine kick gave him the vim of the college quarterback he used to be a year under two decades ago. Good for vascularity-got the blood rushing everywhere it needed to. Maybe the divorce papers had something to do with it. He didn't mind, in fact he felt giddy. Losing his literal bitch of a Doberman wife was like carving his way out a dead serpent's belly. In the interim he had taken care not to get into any... entanglements, fearful further infidelities might be an excuse for her to wring even more money out of him. But now he was free; single and ready to mingle, as it were. Had he been a man more on the mystical side, the answer would have been plain: Karma. But Christopher Clearskies didn't have a drop of spirituality to him. He was all physical, baby; and regardless of where the sentiment stirred, it dawned on the middle-aged middlemanager like divine revelation. Dressed in a three-piece that made him look well above his paygrade, the grey wolf sat behind the desk of his fourth-story office with an officious look. No one would have guessed at the un-officious thought running through his head: I'm going to fuck her today right here on my desk. Any true-blue red-blooded man would have shared the sentiment, he was certain. A lady who dressed like that was just begging for it. Never mind that he had personally recommended the uniform. Oh, Contra-never Ms. Tylund, he was an old-fashioned man in a modern workplace, leave the work to the men, ladies. Dear Contra, couldn't you wear something a little

more motivating? What's motivating, you ask? Let me worry about that. By the by: what's your size? Don't worry, I can open my wallet to a good cause. And what a cause. He licked his chops while watching his secretary's strut past half-shut blinds over his window walls. God-given glory of her juicy ass swinging by the step, he immersed himself in the panty-clad outline bursting from a navy short skirt. A technical foul on the part of their company's dress code... but if she wouldn't tell then he wouldn't. He swaggered over to the door and popped it open before she could stray too far. "Contra, sweetheart?" he sang in steep baritone over a cubicle sea of office drones. A predatory cat, yet she had the body language of a doe. One spotted by her natural predator: tension seizing her back muscles; tail stiff in the air. "Mr. Clearskies," she said, rotating on dainty high heels to face him. "Good morning." Her grin showed too many teeth. Crossed arms hugged a manila envelope tight to her chest, as if ashamed to show her square-shaped bust window. "Now how are guys like us supposed to get any work done with ladies like you prowling about?" He joked but meant it. An otter office jockey humored him with an uncomfortable smile in passing. Contra managed an unconvincing, "Ha." Poor girl. Always so skittish. "I, ah, really need to get these papers dropped off." "Those the A&R papers?" "Yes, sir." "Aw, those guys always keep us waiting. We can turn it around on them for once." He took another step out from his office, holding the door open and gesturing for Contra to go inside. "There's something important I'd like to discuss."

"If you'd let me turn this in..." Contra trailed on seeing his inflexible expression. He knew how she operated, and she knew he knew. If he let her go out into the wilderness of the office, it might be an hour until he saw her next. "Later," he assured with the usual friendliness. Her lips tightened into a smile that could have been a grimace. "Yes, sir." Staccato stiletto heel steps drummed the tiled floor as she hurried into the wolf's den. Chris strolled in after, sealing the door shut. An extra tap clicked the lock into place. He took a moment to relish in her femininity. She stood faced from him, out at the city in noonlight-pose still that conservative hunch of guarded prey. Her tomboy's cut of redheaded hair did nothing to conceal the woman her body betrayed. Rich coffee colors rimmed a coat otherwise made up of short almond furs. She was young. A girl to an older gentleman like Chris. A housecat fresh out of college, that prime age his ex-wife had been when they first met five years ago... and his other ex before that. And unlike a car, you couldn't paint the pretty back in when women lost their luster. "Over the hill," was a way to describe his wives when he put them back on the market. He observed Contra in this way whilst lowering the blinds in full. On flipping a switch, an automated hum filled the room; red cloth curtains slowly descended to blot the city from view. Limiting Contra to the darkening intimacy of Chris's office, now lit by a lone lamp atop his desk. "Am I in trouble, Mr. Clearskies?" she asked in her meager voice. The envelope was now crushed to her breasts, crumpled in a way that said she knew the answer. "Trouble?" he crooned at a silky smooth octave. "No, of course not dear."

His reply made Contra jolt; apparently she hadn't realized her boss was breathing down her back. She spun around then took a stumbling step backwards to create space between them. Looking up with widening eyes. Chris was a very tall man: broad in the chest, shoulders, and arms. Contra was a very small woman-lithe in those same places. He was in love with her helplessness. Fascinated by how he could puppet her body without effort. Seizing her slender chin and stealing a kiss on the elevator. Covering her ass with a firm, playful smack when she passed his desk. "Mr. Clearskies?" she said, noticing his leer. "No trouble, no trouble," he assured again at an even lower pitch, trying to coax her to speak at the same conspiring volume. His words masked beneath the air conditioner's purr. "You never give me trouble, Contra. And you never would, right?" Her throat bobbed. She was shaking-with excitement, no doubt. Itching to show her gratitude. She wouldn't have stuck around this long if she didn't want this. All the flirting and groping. Wearing whatever he asked... A small-town girl in the big city trying to throw around words learnt while earning that fancy degree. Trying to lecture him on places his branch could improve. Throwing around technical jargon that left him half-asleep. He always nodded along; it was a man's place to humor a woman. But the workplace was a man's world at the end of the day. It'd chew her up and spit her out. Really, Contra was lucky he had gotten to her first. "Right?" he pressed, one lumbering step forward repaid with a delicate flinch away from him. Another step forced her to retreat again. Surprise flashed in Contra's eyes. The envelope flew from her grasp, arms thrown outwards as she tripped on the back of her stiletto heel.

Chris wrapped a hand around her right arm before she could hit his table. Yanking her towards him, then throwing an arm around her back. Crushing her slender frame into his masculine bulk. With her snout half-buried in his suit jacket's chest, Contra rolled her eyes up to meet Chris's. "Thank you, Mr. Clearskies," she managed at a muffle. Chris slid his right hand further up Contra's arm until he had the back of her head palmed. At the same time his bracing arm crept downwards, fingers furrowing through the back of her blouse. He forced Contra's snout deeper into his chest to muffle a squeal of surprise. His other hand had played that sound out of her as if she were an instrument. It had infiltrated underneath that short tease of a skirt, fingers buried into her ass. "Don't cause any trouble," he said while groping again and again. She thrashed. Thumped tiny balled fists into his chest. "Don't. Cause. Any. Trouble." Pain. He let go of Contra as it sliced diagonal through his chest. She fell backwards, finishing the previously interrupted drop. A grunt escaped her as she banged down onto his desk. She propped herself onto her elbows but went no higher, panting distress as she looked up at her stunned boss. Four ragged cuts marred his expensive jacket. He pressed a hand against them then inspected his palm and the blood that painted it. "I'm sorry," Contra blurted. Holding up a hand sporting cat claws painted ruby with his blood. "I'm so, so, so sorry, Mr. Clearskies." She paused, her eyes darting to the door then back to the wolf who blocked her way. "I'm just not... interested."

"I don't have to keep you around," Chris said coolly. Another cursory pat and the worst of the bleeding subsided: a superficial cut. "Just like I didn't have to sign you on for the loan forgiveness program. You think all those schlubs jockeying cubicles get perks like that you ungrateful bitch?" Contra flinched at the b-word. "I passed every interview," she argued with hushed urgency. "Finished my accelerated track at Wardin's and got a master's. I'm qualified to be here." "And yet you're nothing but my secretary." He fell upon her, hands clapped against her shoulders and slamming her back-down onto the table again. Face-to-face, he practically spat while scolding: "I pay you so I have some tail around the office worth watching. If I wanted a business associate, I'd hire someone born with common sense between his legs." "Mr. Clearskies," she sobbed. "Thank me," he growled. "Mr. Clearskies." "Thank. Me. Bitch." With each word his slavering maw gnashed inches from her face. She needed this job. She needed the debt forgiveness. She needed Chris. Her eyes went glassy, the fight exorcised from her petite body. "Thank you, Mr. Clearskies," she said at a croak-staring at some indeterminate point on the ceiling. Chris took in a deep breath, as if he could smell the submission. "Good girl," he sighed. "Women with sense are in short supply in this age, I tell you." With that he began to slide lower, hands skittering down her sides. From her shoulders to her waist to her thighs.

"What are you doing?" Contra sat up to watch Chris kneel in front of her, claws nibbling at her calves. He pried her thighs apart like opposite halves of a cabinet. They had an understanding: she didn't resist. Allowing him to behold her black panties. The silken prize tucked in the shade of her skirt. "You're so tense," he purred, inserting his snout between her soft legs, skirt tented to the shape of his head. He nuzzled her underwear to whiff the heady scent of his future lay. "Relax. I want you to enjoy this as much as me." Contra answered with a whimper as he bit out the front of her underwear. His teeth made short work of them, leaving an open patch in the front for easy access. "Someone's been waiting all her life for the right man," he said through soft laughter. She was a slit. Virgin-tight. Maybe he would even be her first. The heat radiating off her sex drew him in. Contra must have been getting into it: he could hear her trying to fight down little whines, feel the rippling muscles beneath clenched thighs. At last he slithered his nose into her sex. All around him she shivered while he tasted her like a nectary fruit, tongue barging through cramped folds with a hunger he never had for his ex. Pawing violently at the erection straining against his bespoke suit pants, as if to promise: Soon to that insatiable part of himself. The part that had made a rapist out of a manager. His tongue discovered something. A warm little mouthful stowed away inside her cunt. A sex toy? Oh, the kinky bitch. No wonder she had been shy. Only a couple inches, it fit into his maw with ease. Squishy, wet from where it had been stowed. He went to pry it out so he would have room for his own visitor, but it refused to budge for even his best efforts.

A violent moan escaped from above. This thing must have been rooted someplace sensitive. He tortured the toy like it was a lollipop. It almost seemed a part of Contra, teasing her whenever he teased it. He swished his tongue around the object, trying to make sense of it. So familiar. Almost likePercussion thudded through the desk as Contra slammed her hands against it. Steadying herself as her toy doubled in size, throbbing against the roof of Chris's maw. It was alive. He went to pull out only for his head to be vised in the feminine clutch of her thighs. Palms flat to the desk's head he tried to push himself free. A strong hand at the back of his head refused to let him leave. Where was that strength when she tried fending him off? How was that hand so much stronger than expected? It was as though his secretary had turned out to be a siren. A flytrap. Only feigning weakness to lure him in. The depths of Contra's cunt became shallows, the extent of her new endowment thickening. Elongating. Plumping an inch in length per second. Ballooning to fill more of Chris's maw until it pried his fangs apart like a dentist's wedge. The flesh of the shaft was so bloated from arousal that he may as well have been cutting his teeth on rock. Tears stung his eyes as he began to choke. The grip on the back of his head had become oppressive, cat claws threatening to pierce his skull if he thrashed too much. Contra bucked her hips, humping her boss-making him gag and shudder with each throat-flossing thrust. Her lustful howls had become almost primal. Didn't anyone hear? He kept expecting somebody to kick the door down. Office security. Some employee walking by. The fire department. Fucking someone who could save him from choking.

Contra's meat throbbed from the former gash between her legs, unhinging Chris's jaw to the point of pain. The back of his mouth framed the puffy head, offering a direct feed for precum to gurgle into his gullet. He could feel tension in the blood-bloated organ. It was still growing, preparing to swell to jaw-breaking sizes. At that moment his secretary showed mercy. Her hand lifted, thighs parted. Chris pushed against her legs to stagger up then away. He doubled over while hacking for air, a long stream of spittle drooling out his mouth. "What... the... fuck..." he managed between breaths. "Contra, I have no idea what you just did..." He paused here to sniffle. To blink away tears after the harrowing experience. "But I..." On looking up at his secretary, prepared to beat the tar out of her, he trailed off. Contra didn't even seem to register him at first. Her eyes were closed. She still sat atop his desk, breasts heaving with each great breath she gulped down. Her wardrobe was all wrong. She always had a nice chest-he wouldn't have hired her otherwise-but not nice enough to bust apart the cleavage window of her sleeveless blouse. Swollen D-cups larger than her head spilled out the shredded opening; the blouse itself looked to have shrunk in the wash, hem hiked high to reveal her flat stomach. Her skirt had also reached a similar state of inadequacy. Strained apart, the front peeled back to put her new assets in plain view. Grotesque testicles fatter than grapefruits, a soaring erection thick as Chris's forearm-the spit-sheened head tremoring and leaking. Still something else was off. Something his reeling mind failed to acknowledge just yet. Contra's breaths mellowed as she regained control of herself. Opening her eyes a crack, she first looked at her new anatomy and then further up. Both she and Chris went still at the sight of one another.

For the first time in his life, Chris saw Contra wear a genuine smile. It didn't reach her eyes, cold green with feline pupils widening as if she had spied prey. "Mr. Clearskies." She had never sounded happier to see him. With feline grace she rose from the desk and sauntered towards Chris. A woman's swaying hips bounced a bloated parody of maleness about. He didn't like the way she licked her chops. Nor the unblinking intent behind her familiar stare. "Back off, Contra," he said, flinching back a step. "Didn't you hear me? I'm warning you, you fucking freak!" When she arrived in front of Chris, they stood eye-to-eye. Yes, he recognized that leer; it was like looking into a mirror that reflected his own soul. He had never seen it, per se, but he knew it: the look he gave women, as if they were his next meal laid out on the butcher's block. He shoved her. It was the only thing he could think to do. Her high heels would unbalance her again and she would fall to the floor-except she barely budged. With everything going on, Chris hadn't realized the biggest change in his secretary. Only on looking down and seeing her bare paws did the truth set in. She didn't have her heels on. Moreover, even with those heels he should have dwarfed her... and yet they were both looking each other in the eye. Somehow the same height. "What did you do?" Chris snarled, giving her another ineffectual shove. She winced the appropriate amount, as if expecting him to hurt her. But the expectation didn't match reality. "What the fuck did you do, Contra?" Another shove. His efforts made her giggle. The woman had made him choke on her cock and now she giggled. "That's the best you can do?" she said.

"I always hold back on a lady." Chris formed a fist. "But obviously that's out the window with you!" He went to punch her square in the nose-only to find his fist caught in her hand. His arm shook as he fought to continue the punch. Contra blinked at his hand with a look of vague surprise; she had only reached up to defend herself out of reflex. Clearly she hadn't expected to be stronger than her boss. They were the same height, but Chris still had a man's bulk while she stayed slender. He went to pull his fist back only to hiss in pain as Contra tightened her grip. Claws dug into him, pinpricks of blood welling underneath them. "Let go," he whispered. Again Contra began to gasp through her mouth. Not from the effort of holding Chris. It was the sort of sound that would have gotten his blood pumping a few minutes ago. Now making it run cold: Excitement. "I used to stay up all night wondering what I did to deserve all this harassment." While she talked, Chris perked his ears to another sound filling the room. "Contra," he said, trying to interrupt as the source of that sound became evident-the protracted twang of fabric peeling at the seams. "But now, I get it Mr. Clearskies. I didn't do anything." As this epiphany came, Contra showed more skin. Her bust quivering out of confinement, deepening tears gouged through the skirt's waistband to make way for Amazonian hips. Chris craned his neck in order to maintain eye contact with his growing secretary. Each second added another inch, each inch added another droplet of terror to what already welled in his gut.

"You couldn't help yourself," she went on as their heights reversed, her enormous breasts hovering in front of his face. "It's a miracle you men get anything done." Furs stood on end across her body as she shivered; a wet squelch from the floor directed his attention downbetween them hovered her newest organ, so large her free hand couldn't fit around the shaft's side. It left a wet spot on the carpet. "With one of these between your legs, you must be thinking about sex every second you're awake. Dreaming about it when you're asleep. I know I am." "You're hurting me!" Her hand had grown to swallow his fist whole. Passing seconds widened the disparity between them. Size, strength, endowment... all in Contra's favor. "I just want to fuck..." Her grip slackened. Chris had already been trying to pull himself free; pent-up momentum sent him stumbling backwards. He tripped over himself, landing hard on his ass. "...and fuck..." He stayed down, gawking while the tatters of Contra's wardrobe blew to confetti as she erupted upwards until her head pounded against the ceiling. "...and..." A look of distress warped Contra's face. She fell forward, her knees thudding hard onto the carpeted floor. "...fuuuuuck..." In the span of that groaned-out word, her growth spurt sped up violently. As her excess filled the room Chris scrambled upright, vaulting over a couch-sized thigh in his bid for the exit. A giant hand furled around his forearm as though it were a twig. He reached out with his other hand, fingertips brushing the door handle. "What's wrong, Mr. Clearskies?" Chris's giant secretary purred overhead, "I just want to finish what you started." She twisted around and threw him across the room. Agony exploded through the back of his head as he thumped against the wall. Stumbling upright, he steadied himself on his desk to avoid toppling over. His vision swam; a concussion-he wanted to pass out, but he knew if he did he would never wake up...

Contra would see to that. A sequence of thuds percussed as ton-bearing limbs thick as tree trunks heaved the naked monster around. "I never expected one of our meetings to go like this." Words that shook through the room. Contra's growth had transformed her voice: husky. Feminine yet growling with a desire only men were equipped to feel. Her growth spurt had come to an end, leaving Chris trapped with her smothering presence. In an office where three would have been a crowd, her existence was stifling. Despite kneeling she had to hunch, touching the ceiling with the back of her head and shoulders that reached opposing walls. The floor creaked as she crawled forward. Hands and knees thudded against the floor, her body an inescapable wall of encroaching flesh. Shrinking the square footage Chris had to himself. He retreated from his desk until his back weighed against the wall. Breaths came in hyperventilating bursts as his mammoth secretary closed in. Hundred-pound testicles fat as yoga balls dragged across the floor. Pendulous breasts wobbled with enough heft to flatten the front of his car. Lamplight glinted against the whites of an eager grin, showcasing a maw deep enough to fit his head inside. "I thought it best that we renegotiate my position at this company," she said. "After all, I've got plenty of common sense between my legs now." The contents of his desk flew to the floor as she used it as a cockrest. It was impossibly large for someone impossibly large; the new Contra had a cock the size of the old one. The lone lamp lighting the room had hit the floor near Chris's feet. Its dim glow put focus on the tumescence of a cockhead broader than a watermelon. The desk rattled in time with

Contra's shuddering arousal, her fist-sized dick slit dilating to spew out a quart of precum onto the carpet. "Contra, whatever it is you think I did, I'm sorry," Chris wheezed when he spoke-as though air had been punctured from his lungs. "I was... I was a monster," he said, staring down her dick like the barrel of a cannon. "A monster?" He flinched at the sound of Contra's barking laugh. "Don't be so full of yourself. You haunted the nightmares of a little girl. You were a bully." "A bully," he repeated, looking up to meet her fearsome smile. "That's right. I was... I was a bully. I'll turn myself into HR. Shit, the cops. Tell them everything." "HR can't un-rape me, Mr. Clearskies." Contra paused, brow creasing in thought. "Mr. Clearskies." She clucked her large tongue. "Hardly sounds right, does it? To call you 'Mr?' I bet with this thing staring you in the face, you're feeling a lot more like Ms. Clearskies right about now. Do you want to find out, Christopher? Chrissy? What it's like to be a girl?" "N-no?" Fear hit Chris to the point of nausea. "Good." Contra snickered. "That'll make getting off with you so much more fun." Palms broad enough to blanket his chest sent tremors through the wall as they slammed down to flank him. Sexual excess devoured his field of view as she barreled forward. Massive breasts squashed like giant marshmallows atop the unyielding bulk of her erection. Its head roved forward to press against his stomach, drooling again-leaked-out arousal soaking in a thick patch through his wardrobe. He retched at the awful scent of someone else's pre. Above, Contra leaned forward until the top of her head pressed to the wall. Completely boxing Chris in so that wherever he looked, some part of her was there to threaten him.

"You're going to be arrested for this," he said. "It doesn't matter how big you are... ththere are laws!" Her smile condescended. "Have you not been listening, Chris? Though considering who I'm talking to, no. No, you probably haven't been. You should try just this once in your life." With that she fell silent and Chris took her advice-listening over the sound of his own heartbeat. Screams. Moans. Breaking furniture. Out in the city he swore he heard explosions. It sounded like the end of the world. "I have no idea what's happening out there," Contra said as his eyes widened with dawning realization. "But I have a feeling that when we leave this office-nothing is going to be the same. "Now get on your knees." With that she heaved her hips back, the tip of her cock withdrawing from Chris's stomach. He immediately collapsed behind his desk. Not to follow orders, but because his legs were now so weak that he had been relying on her erection to stand. "Consider this your interview for a new position. You're going to make me cum, Chris. And when I do, if one drop-just one-touches the floor. I am going to put your head in my mouth and bite it clean off." A more introspective man might have stared ahead at his secretary's glistening cock flesh and understood how he had gotten to this terrible threshold. But even now, as Contra's dick crept forward to meet him, he continued to think: I don't deserve this. A mantra he repeated inside his head as that dick closed the gap. Eyes shut tight, he whimpered as its head nuzzled his cheek, matting furs in glossy pre.

When the teases came to an abrupt end, Chris opened his eyes and saw her cock hovering inches from his face. His expression contorted with disgust as he brought his snout forward. Out crept his tongue, preparing to suffer the foul taste of dick. Bracing for the emasculation. The degradation. Contra brought it to him instead. Pounding his face so hard with her cock that she beat the back of his head against the wall. Satisfied sighs hummed overhead as she humped her former boss's face. "Lick," she grunted, all the playfulness gone out of her. The joy of tormenting her boss, the fulfillment of revenge-those paled. In the end, this was about getting her rocks off. His canine tongue came out and he licked like an obedient dog. Cleaning smooth, sensitive skin of its sticky coat. Anything to get her off, to end this nightmare. The office groaned with the sounds of Contra's pleasure. Walls creaked to support her teetering weight. The desk rattled as it threatened to topple from the gliding motions of her erection. Bass moans droned overhead, overshadowing his own sobs of self-pity. "Remember what I told you." His ears stood at her rasping voice. "One drop, Chris. If a single drop hits the floor, you are fucking dead." And just like that he remembered the worst was yet to come. As feral yowls of need erupted from Contra, Chris prepared himself for the deluge. He could fight back. Put up one final bout of resistance before Contra broke his neck. Trampled him under a paw. Bit his head off. But he didn't want to die. Even if it meant he had to put his lips to this firehose of a piss slit, even if the odds were nonexistent... he had to try. He took a shuddering breath drenched in the reek of male sex, cracked his jaw wide as it could go.

Chris's eyes bulged as a hot, thick jet of jizz blasted into his mouth. He gagged. Then he wanted to vomit. But he never spat up his secretary's seed. It parched his maw dry, pervaded his throat with fetid flavor-then burnt white-hot in his belly, quarts bloating to gallons. Semen hung in beads along the perimeter of his chin. Excess splashed the bridge of his nose, settled sloppily over his brown hair. His will to live must have been strong. Every drop. Every single drop of Contra's cum had been intercepted. His stomach strained with such bloat he felt ready to explode. When she withdrew her softening shaft from his face, Chris collapsed onto his side and clutched at his tortured stomach. She had made a woman out of him. "Well, would you look at that," Contra said. "Congratulations, Chris: you're hired." As consciousness slipped away, Chris wasn't certain whether to thank Contra for his life or beg for the sweet release of death. He would soon have his answer. * "You lost, little boy?" "Looking good, Chrissy." "Damn, what I wouldn't give for a slice of that cake!" Catcalls and shrill whistles trailed the firm's only male employee down a hall built for the greater sex. There had been a time in his life when he stood tall and felt it; now everything in his path dwarfed him. Cubicle walls loomed a full story high, their occupants leering out while seated in chairs that would leave his legs dangling as if he were a kid again. The ceiling vaulted

to a soaring height, and every door weighed enough that he would need to throw himself against one if he even hoped to push it open. Women dwarfed him-his betters by head, shoulders, and chest. Those were the small ones; they could get much bigger. Whenever he passed they seemed to pick up on his scent, taking time out of work to shamelessly grope at the obscene bulges tenting their skirts. The weakest among them could have grabbed him by the throat, pinned him to the wall, and fucked any of his holes until he was unconscious. But they didn't. He was spoken for. The dress code was strict as the employer who upheld it. He scurried along to keep the leash that tethered him to his boss slack. She wasn't the sort to tolerate slowness. A disobedient man reflected poorly on his woman, and she did not want to appear weak. If he were to fall behind, she wouldn't hesitate to choke him across the floor. Or worse-mete out punishment. But when her thudding pawsteps outpaced his own stride one for every three, he had to hustle to keep up. The high heels made that a painful challenge, threatening to unbalance him at a moment's notice. His boss and mistress halted in front of a glass door at the end of the hall. Almost large enough to accommodate her, just shy of her chest. At 15', Ms. Tyung had to squeeze in most places. That height pushed the limits for a civilized giantess. And Christopher Clearskies stood in her shadow, trying to lurk outside her field of view. Hand to the doorknob, she lingered for a moment. He froze beneath her stare. "Ready?" she asked. Shying his gaze to the ground, he answered, "Yes, Ms. Tyung."

"Good boy." Then she opened the door and gave his collar a forceful tug for good measure. He yelped as he stumbled, regaining his footing just in time to follow after. "Afternoon, ladies," Ms. Tyung told the women seated around a conference table built on legs taller than Chris. "Bring your pet to work day?" one of them asked. Above the table they looked consummate professionals. Giant ones, clad in classic variations of the pantsuit. But down where Chris had a clear view, some had their 3' erections knocking against the table's underside. All these women were leaning forward, intent on the man their boss had brought with her. "Nonsense," Ms. Tyung said, lifting Chris off the ground by his leash. He grasped at it like a hanged man, gagging while swaying in the air. "We're equal opportunity employers, right?" This was met with sneers. Laughter. Then they hushed as Ms. Tyung stood Chris at the end of the conference table. He slouched beneath the weight of their eyes, hands over his crotch and tail around his legs. A pose of shy submission. Ms. Tyung walked around the table without him. Taking a seat at the head. The little cat who had once called him, "Mr. Clearskies, sir," towered over her employees. Clad in pricy women's wear that took a small legion of tailors to complete. T-Day had changed a lot. Everything would not be an understatement. Gender roles. Morality. Sexuality. Nations. More locally: businesses. T-Day was a welcome change for some. From the ashes of one company fucked into the dust, another rose. With newfound courage from swelling to thrice her former height, Contra

Tyung had the perfect opportunity to show her competence. The competence her former boss had always ignored. For Chris, T-Day was a special kind of hell. "Why don't you give the girls a show, Chrissy?" Ms. Tyung tapped her claws at the head of the table. "Chrissy," one hyena cooed. "What a cute name." "Sissy Chrissy," a squirrel heckled, shamelessly pumping her cock while staring him right in the eye. He had no one to turn to in the fallout. All his lovers quite former. Exes who would eviscerate him if they caught his scent. No altered female family members to shelter with in this new nightmarish matriarchy. Only Ms. Tyung, the woman he had tried to rape, was generous enough to take him in. Of course, generosity played no part-out of cowardice he took her job offer. There was no pay. The hours were 24/7. By this point the furs along his neck had become sparse patches, visible skin underneath bruised by the collar that kept him tied to her bedpost at night. Chris recognized plenty of the women here. Former associates who knew he was a pig, who believed he deserved this. He managed to bring himself to full height, blinking back tears as he proceeded to use the table like a runway. Beneath his fur he burned scarlet; even a year later, the constant torture hadn't gouged his pride. He wished it had. "Nice lipstick, Chrissy," a badger teased, twirling a finger around his tail as he went. Yes, lipstick. Pink across his muzzle. An awkward crayon smear done by a child. Mascara, too. He was a wolf in drag.

A whistle on his left. "How does such a big boy get his paws in those tiny heels?" These hadn't always been his heels. They were his secretary's-before T-day, of course. Overseas, certain cultures carried out a practice known as foot binding. Women were prized as pinnacles of femininity based on the size of their paws; the idea was that if they fit petite footwear, they were more ladylike. As was the case with all beauty standards, the practice became excessive. To beat the competition, women would break their feet over and over. Leaving them malformed and atrophied wrecks just to fit into smaller shoes. Six months ago, he had been gifted these tiny high heels in a box. He hadn't understood at first. "Wear them," Ms. Tyung had instructed. To which he answered, "They won't fit." She choked him by the collar he so often wore. Hoisting him into the air until he hung level with her monstrous grin. "We'll make them fit," she said coolly. It was his fault, of course. A punishment for trying to run away in the night. Leaving his boss's generous living arrangements. He hadn't expected her employees to be so loyal. He had been caught. Beaten. Returned like a missing pet. Well, now with his paws this mangled she wouldn't have to worry about him running again. Each step was a struggle. Painful and difficult to balance, paws broken in size until they matched those of a five-foot woman when he himself stood over six. "And what an ass," another crudely commented before barking in a way that made him jump. "If I was a bit smaller, I'd plow him all night."

Christopher Clearskies had died on T-Day. Just as Contra had become Ms. Tyung, he had awoken to a bellyful of cum as Sissy Chrissy. Her bitch. Time spent in her service had not endeared Chrissy to her. Each night, she gave him the same horrific ultimatum: "If a drop touches the floor, you die." He didn't eat at any other point in the day. He had to get her off for sustenance: a nutrient-rich diet of cat cum. Calories in such excess that the physique which had stayed with him since college football was lost. She never let him forget what he had become, his uniform more at home in an old-world strip club than an office. To go with the makeup, she dressed him like a slut. A tied-up crop top kept his belly exposed. He wasn't fat, her cum had given him a doughy, almost effeminate figure. He was forbidden from pants of any sort. In public, at home: women ogled his bubble butt flossed by a red thong. Each sway caught the eyes of his hormonal colleagues. "Now how are ladies like us supposed to get any work done with boys like you prowling about?" Ms. Tyung commented, the usual smirk dancing across her lips. At times it was as if she lived to torment her Sissy Chrissy. But he knew that wasn't the case. That threat each night was very real. She had other men to play with, and if she broke him... oh well. She didn't need him whatsoever. Chrissy, though. Chrissy needed her. He wasn't sure how he tripped atop the desk. Maybe his leash had slipped over the edge of the table and someone thought it'd be funny to give it a yank. It could have been that spasm of lingering pain from when Ms. Tyung finger-fucked him the night before. Three in the ass, a brand new record.

Or his permanently mangled feet, broken then re-broken by Ms. Tyung's bare hands. Whatever the cause, he tripped. Facedown on the table, whimpering into its wooden finish. Raucous laughter filled the room as if he were clown performing. One woman's laughter was noticeably absent. Ignoring the agony in his feet, Chrissy hurried upright. "I'm sorry!" he cried to his displeased employer. "I'm sorry, Ms. Tyung. I tripped! That's all." A hush fell over the women as they realized Ms. Tyung was not laughing along. She had her arms crossed, scowling at her man-pet. Men were plentiful. Disposable. If one couldn't perform a task simple as walking, it begged the question: Why have him around at all? "S-someone pulled on my leash," he sniveled. His thick thighs quivered as he trembled. He was on the verge of tears. A man his size had never been harassed. Not in the old world, at least. This left him particularly vulnerable to the unique sense of helplessness that came from being near someone bigger and stronger. If anyone had laughed at him a year ago, he would have clocked them in the face. Glancing around, he found no looks of sympathy. Ms. Tyung sighed, a smile at last pulling at her lips. "Any idea what I should do with him? Employees who can't perform do need to be disciplined." Furtive eyes flickered around to meet one another. Fresh smirks arose. Chops were licked. An idea was forming as if by a wordless poll. "Please," Chrissy wheezed, fighting back a full-on outburst of blubbering. "I'll be good. Ms. Tyung, I-"

"Shut up," she said in stern monotone. Cutting him off by reaching over the table and yanking on his leash. Dragging him back towards her. She held him up in the air, choking while swaying for her other employees to see. He gagged. Thrashed. Kicked. Pawing at his collar while no one raised a finger to help. Empathy was in short supply after T-Day. "Our last toy in the breakroom just bit the dust," a ferret on Ms. Tyung's left suggested. "Did he now?" Ms. Tyung eyed Chrissy, her expression of patience a contrast to his urgency. She drummed her cheek thoughtfully. The breakroom. His eyes bulged. He tried shaking his head. Mouthing, "No," without air to produce words. Women in the new world were violent; it was in their genes to get territorial over just about anything. The fact that corporations like this could still exist in such a world was nothing short of a miracle. There were workarounds to correct their nature, of course. A drained woman was a happy woman, and so if any of them ever showed extreme aggression towards their fellow coworkers, the order was always the same: "Go to the breakroom." Chrissy had never been inside. He had only ever heard the screams and gurgling pleas of men getting spit-roasted. One of the only things that kept him loyal to Ms. Tyung was that he never, ever wanted to end up in that position. And now... "All in favor?" Ms. Tyung asked; and he saw the hunger in their eyes before any of the women raised their hands. "It's nice when we can all agree for once." Holding Chrissy to her face, her eyelids lowered in a mock flirt. "Do try to survive, doll." She parted her maw to give

him a sloppy kiss that covered his face in drool. "Maybe this'll loosen you enough that I can finally take you for a spin." With that she dropped him from her full height. He landed feet-first, instantly crumpling to the floor. His legs might have been broken, yet the only thing he could think to do was suck down air. "Please," he croaked. She looked at him like a bug on the floor. "Someone take him." "Let me get that for you, ma'am," the ferret eagerly offered, hopping down from her chair. At 9', she was one of the shorter women in the room; but the smaller women were the dangerous ones. They could still penetrate. And with an erection poking out from underneath her skirt for everyone to see, her intention was plain. Ms. Tyung chuckled. "Showing initiative. I like that." The ferret grabbed hold of Chrissy's collar and began to drag him along. He dug his fingers in through the front to avoid too much choking. "Ms. Tyung. Ms. Tyung! Ms. Tyuuung!" he continued over and over, crying across the widening gap between them. "Remember what I always tell you, Chrissy." As he was dragged past the threshold, he lost sight of his boss. Only able to hear her voice and guess at the deepening smile that went with it. "Don't. Cause. Any. Trouble."
