It had been a long day, but fulfilling. It was also a Friday, which meant that Millie had the entire weekend to herself, just her and her toys. At least, that's what she thought before stepping into her apartment and seeing the gift box sitting there on her coffee table, reading the note from Sin herself describing the contents as a loan for a week for the mouse's service to the company. She gives the ribbon a tug. The walls it'd been holding onto fall away, revealing a small cage, inside of which was a red panda, a silver winged crest across his chest. That red panda. The very same one that Sin had put on display during her speech. Millie must have been doing something right for the head of the company, the most powerful woman in the world, to trust her with her most prized toy for a full week. He snaps to attention as the giant mouse flicks open the latch on the top of the cage, staring up at her as she reaches her hand into the opening. Scrambling into the corner, trying to get away as her fingers stretch out towards him and failing miserably. Jay felt those fingers wrap around his body, felt himself being lifted up and out of the cage, raised up to meet Millie's emerald eyes. "Now now," she chides, "What would your owner think of you being a naughty little toy for me?" She presses him into her cleavage, his face parting her fur and dragging along her skin as she pushes him downwards. Her scent assaulted his nose, a heady mix of sweat and pheromones, getting stronger and more powerful the further down her body he was pushed. Down beneath her chest. Down over the hill of her stomach, over the deep well of her bellybutton, hearing the mouse's depths softly grumbling on the other side of all that flesh. "Mnnn, if Sin weren't expecting you back at the end of the week..." she muses, letting his head linger in the grime of her navel, listening to her gut as it burbles and groans. Then it's on to more humid climates, Millie sliding him on down to her groin, Jay pressed tight against her cock. "Oh, but that doesn't mean I won't be able to have plenty of fun with you," she says, the flesh beneath him shifting, pulsing with lust. Were he not paralyzed with abject terror, he'd notice his worldview shifting with the twitches of her shaft, notice as her knot swelled. With her finger keeping him pinned, her blunt claw pressed between his shoulder blades, it's all he can do to not be overwhelmed by the heavy scent of her musk. She begins to take deep, slow breaths, Jay suddenly finding his feet drawn into her sheath. "Mnnn, first game is a little something I like to call 'Hide the Redpan'," she coos, keeping his body trapped against her receding cock. He was already up to his waist, the furry flesh washing over him like a tidal wave. The heat began to build around him, her scent getting more and more intense, more and more heavy as he was drawn deeper into her sheath. "Mnn," the mouse groans softly, her legs spread as she sits on the couch, spunk-filled balls hanging down off the edge of the cushion. "If you want to get any more fresh air tonight," she taunts, his chest almost fully trapped, "Then you'll get to squirming. Better make it quick, I sleep on my stomach."

He's barely able to squeak out a pleading "Please" before she steamrolls over his head, trapping him against her flaccid cock. Millie sat there, a pleasant tingle beginning to work its way around her shaft, the mouse browsing her social media while she waits for anything more out of him. She had to admit, his strategy was sound; she'd always believed the underside of her cock was more sensitive, and he seemed to be heading that way now. And if the mouse were to be too distracted by pleasure to notice him squirming his way out...well, surely he'd be able to figure some way out of his predicament if he got free. The little tickle beneath her sheath continues to squirm his way around until he's nestled squarely beneath the head of her cock. As he begins to get to work, a grin spreads across her face. It was subtle, but her scent was having an effect on him, the tiny redpan's shaft grinding against hers as he tries to get her hard and himself free. She could feel the warmth beginning to radiate through her groin, his efforts already paying dividends as her shaft begins to twitch. She has to put her phone down for a moment, the pleasure drawing her away from her social media. "Mnnn, getting closer," she groans, the mouse reaching beneath her shaft, just in case he managed to succeed at getting her hard. The redpan redoubled his efforts, Millie feeling him furiously grinding at the underside of her dick. His task was made more difficult as he got the mouse half hard, the swelling, pulsing flesh pressing him more tightly against her sheath. Still, he went right on squirming, went right on rubbing and humping, Millie able to feel herself starting to get aroused. "Mmmm, almost there~" she says, putting just enough lilt into her voice to encourage him to keep going. Then, as she felt her heart rate begin to pick up, he was momentarily free, dropping the short distance into her palm as her cock springs from its sheath. "Well well, look who decided to earn some fresh air," she teases, Millie's fingers curling around him. His head pokes between her fingers, the massive mouse trying to decide just what to do with her temporary toy. And then, a sneering smirk crosses her face, an idea coming to mind. "You know," she says, holding him tight as she pushes herself up to her feet, "I'm sure Sin will be awfully cross with me if I forget to feed you while I have you." The massive mouse keeps him in her grasp as she heads to the kitchen, picking up what was to her a modest drinking glass. To Jay though, it might as well have been the tank of a water tower. Millie drops the tiny red panda into the glass, setting it down on the coffee table as she sits down. "You know, you really should consider yourself lucky," she says, the mouse starting to stroke her erection, "My other toys have to share. You get to have your own private supply." Beads of precum drip from her tip, glistening like diamonds as they fall from her slit. Her breathing quickens, her heart pounds as she works herself closer and closer to her peak. "Nfff...hah, hah...get ready," she groans, groping her chest, angling her cock towards the glass, "H-here... it...comes~" Precum drips from her tip, the massive mouse puffing and groaning, her cock twitching in her hand before, with a heavy grunt, a jet of thick jizz gushes from her cockslit, knocking the little

red panda off his feet. Millie's thick seed washes over him like a tidal wave, forcing him up against the glass, the mouse continuing to grope herself as she rides out her orgasm. More and more fills up the glass, Jay forced to swim in a deep pool of white. His head breaks the surface, the viscous, sticky cum clinging to his mouth as he struggles to take a breath before he's drenched again by the last rope spurting from her cock. The glass was full to the brim, the mouse letting out a soft, chuckling sigh as she picks up the glass, opening one eye and looking at the red panda struggling to keep his head above the surface. "Whoops, must have been more pent up than I thought," she says, "Well, you don't really need all that, sooo...bottoms up~" She runs her tongue over her teeth, more a show for Jay than anything else before she tilts the glass to her lips. Cum starts to flow over the edge, the little redpan being swept along towards the mouse's maw. She feels the little lump cross her lips, Millie raising her tongue to trap him. The heavy, wet muscle pins him down, the mouse's saliva washing the cum from his fur. He can feel her swallowing as she drinks down her seed, the heavy glp, gwlp, glmpf vibrating though him. Millie leaves just enough to sustain Jay for the week in the glass, the tip of her tongue curling around his body and pushing him back through her lips, into the half full glass of semen. Still holding onto the glass, Millie pushes herself to her feet, her paws thumping on the carpeted floor as she heads back to her bedroom. "Better drink up and get a good night's sleep," she says, setting the glass down on the end table, "You've got a long week ahead of you, being chained to my nipple whenever I leave the house~" Millie sits on the edge of her bed, the springs creaking under her as she tosses aside the covers. The mouse gets herself settled in bed, letting out a yawn as she pulls the covers over herself, the redpan waist deep in her cum in the glass. Reaching over, she turns out the light and quickly falls asleep, her snores rocking Jay's glass as she sleeps.
