Yuri couldn't help but wonder how much hardship a body could go through before it succumbed. Whatever the limit was, he knew he was close. His limbs ached, his stomach hadn't stopped growling for at least two days, and stress kept his heart beating at a pace that couldn't have been healthy. He couldn't imagine himself making it to 30 at this rate. That being said, the alternative would ensure his lifespan wouldn't last till his next birthday, much less the next decade. He could hardly remember when his birthday was at this point. There were far more important things to worry about. Like avoiding titanic footfalls and giant lines of sight. Yuri peered around a concrete corner. He made sure to keep the majority of his body hidden behind the cover of a plant growing from between the sidewalk's cracks. The green stalk kept him shadowed, even with neon lights from nearby businesses gleaming in the night. Fortunately, his caution proved unnecessary. No one walked along the sidewalk. Every shop had closed its doors for the night hours ago. All except the 24-hour gas station down the road. Going into that building had been tempting, but it was too far out of the way. Making it one block down the street took an hour. Even so, Yuri's gaze lingered on its distant, warm glow. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't help but imagine the treasures sitting within. What he wouldn't give for a Cheeto. Especially when a single one would last him days. "Hey, you okay?" A finger tapped his shoulder, snapping him from the daydream. Yuri wiped a line of drool from his chin before turning around. He offered the best smile he could force onto his face. "Yeah, I'm good, Nate." The fox's ears drooped with a frown. Behind him, the other three members of their group looked about the same. Yuri tried not to meet their eyes. "Just... keep your head in the game, alright? I still don't think trying to make our way out of town is a great idea. Moving around this much is--" "Dangerous, I know," Yuri said. "But we've been fine so far, right?" Dozens of feet-or rather, inches-away, a car rumbled down the street. Everyone flinched at the sound. Yuri himself couldn't help but watch its massive tires rush by. Against his will, his mind conjured the image of Sam, crushed without the driver feeling so much as a bump in the road. No matter how much he tried to forget, he couldn't wipe the memory. He couldn't forget Joseph either. Or Will. Certainly not Abe. Gone with a gulp. Stomped like a pest. Pocketed for later. The life that their group had fought to escape always seemed to catch back up to them. Of the ten who'd escaped from Brandi's clutches, only six remained. Yuri was determined to not meet the same fate. "I told you," Yuri continued. He summoned all the bravado he could. Will had entrusted him to lead the pack. He wouldn't let him down again. "I'm going to get us to safety. The woods may be rough, but we can figure things out there! It's better than waiting for some huge, horny woman to snatch us up or crush us under their heel, right?" Markus, standing in the back of the group, spoke up. The bulldog's jowls bounced as he forced a reassuring smile onto his fanged face. "Yuri's r-right. If we stick around here, we're just going to get captured again. If we're lucky." Nate crossed his arms, rubbing his bicep apprehensively. "I know, it's just... I want you to keep in mind that this is a risk too. We may not have a lot of options, and we all trust you. I just don't want to see anyone else get hurt." Yuri nodded and placed a reassuring hand on Nate's shoulder. Small patches dotted his once-soft pelt. He resisted the urge to shiver at the touch. Nothing would make him happier than helping his friends regain some of the health and vigor they once had. "I promise, we'll be safe in no time. And maybe we'll even be back to full size one day!" Nate cracked a small smile, but the expression stabbed a dagger through Yuri's heart. It was a lie; they both knew that. The thought made him sick, but hope was all they had. He had to be the one to supply it. Yuri brought his attention back down the road again. Still, no one walked the streets. Not even a car's headlights shined on the horizon. Perfect. He motioned to the others. "The path is safe. Ready?" He turned his gaze back for a moment to catch their nods. Apprehension filled Nate and Cody's faces, but the others hid it well. "Let's go." Yuri set out at a hurried jog, speeding around the corner and away from the gas station. His naked feet tapped against the concrete, terrifyingly loud to his ears, but utterly silent to the rest of the world. He knew no one could hear his footsteps, but stealth was burned into his mind. He couldn't shut off the anxiety that the slightest noise would get them captured. It kept him safe, but at this size, there was only so much that could. The others trudged behind him, no doubt thinking the same thing. They stuck to the wall despite knowing it would offer no cover if someone did come near. Cody, ever the nervous one, lagged behind slightly. The white-furred rabbit always made sure to stick near anything that offered a semblance of cover. Yuri looked back just in time to see him dash out from a fallen soda can to a dandelion sticking out from the concrete. Neither hid him, but it was the only thing that seemed to calm his rampant anxiety. They reached the halfway point. Not a sound yet. The road remained silent. Yuri's muscles burned from even this slight level of effort. His chest heaved, lungs crying for a break. A sense of regret left his heart drooping in his chest. He remembered being in track and field before all of this happened. Back then, he wouldn't have broken a sweat running this distance. Yuri cautioned another glance back. Jordan kept pace best. The wolf ran just a few feet behind him, but looked no better off. Jordan never talked much about his past, but Yuri assumed he was an athlete as well. He always seemed to handle exertion better than the others. He even offered to carry Nate when he couldn't force himself further. The next corner neared. With their goal in sight, Yuri felt hope rise in his chest. They could take a break once in the darkness again. He wanted to make it to the end of the block before morning, but that didn't seem like a possibility. Everyone had been run ragged by the past few days. Their life of servitude under Brandi had been bad, but none of them had ever experienced starvation before. It was impossible to resist. Yuri looked back toward the distant, shining gas station with longing in his heart. Did he make the right choice? Was it a mistake to skip out on a potential meal? He'd wanted to keep everyone safe, but at this rate, they'd all die of starvation before a giant got them. His eyes lingered on the bright windows as he jogged. Maybe he wasn't cut out to be the leader after all. Yuri sighed and started to return his gaze forward. But just as his line of sight left the gas station, its doors swung open with a bang that echoed all the way to his ears. Befitting such a sound, the person exiting the building did not calmly walk out. Instead, the shadowed, distant figure set out at a mad sprint. Their limbs scrabbled as they stumbled forward, hitting the pavement with all the speed they could muster. Right in the direction of Yuri and the others.

Nate never considered himself a brave man. When he found himself shrunken to the size of a bug under the servitude of a giant woman, all he wanted to do was curl up in a ball. When they made their escape, he'd been tempted to run back and hope his loyalty would spare his life. With the knowledge that another giant was barreling toward him, he felt that familiar clench of terror around his heart. His limbs went stiff, his blood ran cold. His rapid heartbeat filled his ears, drowning out all else. Yuri yelled. He barely heard. The only thing that registered to Nate's mind was the massive, shadowed shape a few blocks behind, picking up speed every second. He couldn't look away. This was the end. They'd be found. Captured. Killed. It was foolish to think they could escape such a fate in the first place. A million fears ran through Nate's head. Would he be splattered or digested? Suffocated perhaps? Any would be a mercy in comparison to untold days or years of capture. Nate remained rooted to the spot as his imagination took the forefront. And then, a new sight made itself apparent to Nate's eyes. It was always in his vision, but until that moment, had been overlooked. Cody, the ever-nervous rabbit, stood before him, shadowed by the glowering lights of the road. His ears were pinned to his skull. His body shuddered in terror. Immediately, Nate realized he was even more scared than himself. Then, something strange happened. Nate's legs moved on their own. Not just that, but his arms stretched out as well. Adrenaline flooded his veins, carrying him forward. But not toward the safety of the distant alleyway. No, he ran straight for the giant. Toward Cody. Nate's sense of reason returned just as he grabbed the rabbit's arm and ran around him, loosing not a drop of momentum. Cody found himself pulled along for the ride with a startled yelp. Nate couldn't say he was any less surprised. "N-Nate?" Cody huffed. His large feet stumbled over themselves as he tried to keep up with the fox. His stunned expression quickly faded into relief as he realized what had happened. "Th-thank me later!" Nate replied though panting breaths. He knew their situation well. No matter how fast they ran, a normal person's walking pace could easily overtake them at this size. Someone sprinting down the street at the same comparative speed? They didn't stand a chance. He saw the others running ahead of them. They all had a substantial lead, having burst into motion at a moment's notice. Jordan led the pack, while Yuri shouted for everyone to hurry. He caught Nate's eyes and nodded, a thankful smile upon his face. The moment was quick, however, and quickly eclipsed by the looming fear of their fate. Nate summoned every ounce of energy he had and pulled Cody along with him. He practically carried the lupine in his fervor. Blood pounded in his ears and even in his gums. His chest felt as if it would explode-or possibly implode-but he kept on running. All else began to fade. He focused only on the goal before him and his own legs. A foot slammed into the concrete, followed by another. Not even the pebbles digging into his padded soles mattered. Somehow, they made it. They arrived before Nate even realized it. Only when he heard Yuri calling for him did Nate snap out of his fervent sprint. His tunnel-vision receded and he realized they were in the alley, shadowed behind the massive walls of nearby buildings. "Over here!" Yuri shouted. He stood behind a stack of boxes and other trash, the first of many in this alleyway. The others cowered by him. Nate nodded and rushed to join them with Cody in stow. The moment Nate stopped moving, exhaustion caught pace. His paws skidded to a stop, and he immediately keeled over. His breath became labored, fire burned in his muscles. He swooned, dizziness overtaking his form. However, Cody was there to support him. The rabbit gave him a thankful look, soft smile on his face. "Take it easy, Nate," Yuri said. "Don't think you've moved that fast in your life!" "Didn't think you had it in you," Markus chuckled between labored breaths. He clapped a hand on Nate's shoulder as Cody helped him to the ground. "Never would have thought Nate of all of us would be such a hero!" Nate nodded, though he desperately wished he'd guaranteed a glass of water before that mad dash. "Hey, anything for you guys. Just um... let me catch my breath." The others nodded and backed up to give him some space. Shadowed in the cover of their latest shelter, Nate almost felt safe for once. Even he could hardly see his friends from where he stood. Nate breathed in a deep sigh, then exhaled. At last, he could relax. Even the terrifying thuds of a giant's steps didn't give him pause. Perhaps that was because his heart was already beating too fast to be panicked, but this was certainly a first. He closed his eyes, simply relishing the moment.

SPLI-CRICK Cody stared with wide eyes at the paw where Nate used to be. His heart leapt into his chest, frozen in its last beat. That horrid sound echoed in his ears; the sound of Nate's body being pulped to paste. Cody's mind grasped at straws, desperate to explain what had just happened. He'd scarcely turned his back for a moment when he realized those thudding footsteps were far too close. They grew louder and louder, and just as he turned around, a white-furred paw slammed down in their midst. He saw Nate's seated form beneath its shadow a second too late. Before he could open his mouth to scream, Nate disappeared beneath its immense weight. That was all it took. One moment, and no more Nate. Just like that, Cody was back in the present. The paw turned, weight shifting. Horrid crackles and splurches of fluid bubbled up from beneath its weight. A cry died in his throat. He realized his arm was outstretched. It fell to his side. Cody himself fell to his knees. In that moment, he didn't care what happened next. Someone being stomped in such a way couldn't have been an accident. This was a game, like jumping upon leaves in fall. They'd been seen. Their mad dash meant nothing. Soon, a hand would descend upon them, snatching them up for whatever crude torture would come next. Or perhaps they'd simply be stomped in turn, forced to meet the same end as their friend. Still, Cody did not care. He only wished that his death would be as swift and merciful as Nate's. Except, their death did not come. Instead, silence. Cody knew that the others in his company were just as shocked, but expected at least a taunt or chuckle from Nate's killer. In spite of his despair, he forced his gaze upward to the titan above. This was no titan. The person before (or rather, atop) them was male. The dalmatian stood impossibly tall in comparison to the shrunken party, but paled in comparison to the women who ran this world. Despite his dainty, rather curvaceous figure, this man was undoubtedly, well, a man. The sheath between his naked legs and distinct lack of breasts proved as much. But more importantly, the canine seemed just as terrified as them. His eyes never darted downward. Instead, he steadied himself against the brick wall behind him, slowly inching further behind their shared hiding place. He held a plastic bag, seemingly filled with cans. It rustled and creaked with every movement. Even the wind threatened to make it squeal. The foot that splattered Nate shifted forward along the ground. Cody stumbled backward in terror, but Yuri quickly clapped a hand over his muzzle and pulled him to his feet. He was thankful that the paw moved toward them and not away. He didn't think he could stand to see the stain. Silence echoed for a moment. And then, a voice. "Where the hell did that little thief go...?" Massive footsteps accompanied the question. They undoubtedly belonged to a woman. Cody could not see her and did not particularly want to either. She stalked into the alley, growing closer with each step. "Come on out!" she called. "I promise I just want you to pay back what you stole!" The dalmatian pressed his body further back into the wall. All of them knew that a pile of boxes next to a dumpster was no hiding place, but this was all they had. The darkness of night helped. Cody's heart pounded in his ears. Despite the terror of only a few seconds past, this new danger consumed his thoughts. A tense minute oozed on. The woman stomped about. An occasional "hmm" of thought or grunt of displeasure echoed out. Throughout it all, Cody and the others stayed perfectly still. They dared not move, for fear of startling their new guest or getting caught in the line of sight themselves. Cody flinched upon hearing a pile of boxes tumble to the ground. "Not behind there.... Ugh, damn it!" Finally, the footsteps receded, accompanied by the sound of aggravated grumbling. Something about wanting a new pet to shrink. Cody shivered at the thought. Still, no one moved. A solid five minutes passed before anyone could muster the courage. The dalmatian was the first. He let out a shaky, groaning sigh and stumbled out of his hiding place. He fell to his shaking legs, laughing with relief under his breath. The plastic bag hooked on his arm rustled. "I can't believe I made it..." he breathed. The shrunken party, in the meanwhile, forced themselves not to look at their friend's remains. Each of them had learned long ago that the less you dwelled on something like this, the better. Even so, Cody found himself struggling to not look as they made their way out as well. Soon enough, they stood by the leg of the still-oblivious canine. Simply being near such a large body put everyone on edge. The tension was thicker than one of the dog's toes-which is to say, quite thick. They all knew what Yuri was thinking, but couldn't bring themselves to wipe away all fear. This was the best chance they'd gotten since they escaped. With someone big on their side, they could actually stand somewhat of a chance. Going up to a woman was risky to say the least, but another man? Surely, he'd be on their side. Even if he'd unwittingly killed one of their own like any other giant. "Hello?" Yuri cautioned. His voice came out hoarse, no doubt a result of whispering for those his own size for so long. The dalmatian didn't even flinch. "Hello!" he called again, this time with his whole chest. At that, the giant before them jumped. His ears perked. A light yelp left his lips. He stumbled back, eyes darting about for the source of the voice. With just that one movement, the ground beneath them rumbled. Cody's ears pinned themselves even closer to his skull. Could they really trust someone this clumsy? Evidently, they'd have to. "Who...?" the dog mumbled. His eyes passed back and forth around the alley, before at last, they settled toward the ground. Blue eyes focused on the small party, and Cody in particular shrunk under his gaze. He knew it was just the anxiety talking, but he couldn't imagine seeing anything kind in the eyes of those much larger than himself. Surprise followed by cruel joy was the most common. But what he did see was even more unnerving. He couldn't make out a single emotion on the dog's face. Turns out the unknown is scarier than the truth. Who could have guessed? "Where did you little guys come from?" the dalmatian asked. He reached out, then flinched and stopped, thankfully before any of the smaller men could flinch in fear. "S-sorry, I don't see many shrunken people around..." "I-it's alright," Yuri replied. He stepped forward, placing himself protectively-uselessly-between the giant and his friends. Despite his willingness to put himself out there, Cody could tell he was still on edge. "We escaped a few days ago. We've been trying to make it out of town, but obviously, we can't get very far. Not to mention a lot of us are pretty weak. You know what it's like out there." The dalmatian nodded solemnly. Years of stress flashed across his gaunt face. Yuri continued. "So, maybe meeting you was the first stroke of luck we've had in years. Can you help us out? If you can just get us to the woods outside of town, we'd be in your debt forever." "The woods?" he asked. "Why would you want to go there?" Before Yuri could answer, he shook his head and stood. His feet swung outward, dangerously close to the shrunken party. Cody and Markus in particular stumbled to the ground in surprise. At his full height, the dalmatian looked even more intimidating. The sight of him, eclipsed by the dim lights outside the alleyway, made Cody feel like pissing his pants (if he'd been wearing pants, that is). Even the sight of the giant's package dangling between his legs made him want to make a run for it. He couldn't help but remember all of the times Brandi had shoved him and others into her sheath... He could practically see it wiggling then. "Here, I'll take you guys back to my place," he continued. "You can hide out there for a while, get back to where you should be before a trip like that." Yuri opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, a voice made all in the alley freeze. "Yeah, my friend Casey said she found a whole pack of micros hiding away once!" someone laughed. "No way! She didn't eat them right there, did she?" "Of course not! They were living like rats. She washed em up first." "N-no time to wait!" the dog whimpered. Before Cody and the others could react, he knelt down and extended an arm. Markus let out a whine of protest, but not a single word escaped before a white-furred palm crashed into their backs. Each micro was helpless to resist the wall of flesh pushing them forward, roughly collecting them into a ball within the closing fingers. Cody soon found himself within a tangled mass of limbs and bodies, which then crashed into the dalmatian's white chest. Crushing warmth enveloped Cody's body. Not only his own, but his friends' and the giant's body heat seeped into him like he was sitting next to a radiator. Fur filled his mouth every time he dared take a breath. And promptly, the world began to bounce and shake as their new ally set out at a run. His very teeth rattled in his skull with every step. The worst thing was, this wasn't even close to the worst way this night could have ended. "B-by the way!" the dalmatian rumbled. His voice echoed through Cody's body in a way he hadn't experienced since Brandi. It sent terror plunging through his heart despite being spoken to as an equal. "My name's Lou."

Markus tumbled to the ground in a heap, with just about everyone else piled atop him. Yuri's foot had lodged itself under his armpit, Cody's left arm was somewhere under his torso, and Jordan had the misfortune of landing face first in about two separate asses. Unfortunate, to say the least. But his discomfort over being a landing pad for all of his friends paled in comparison to the knowledge of where they'd been dropped. For the first time in days, Markus found himself in a field of fur. This time, it just happened to be white instead of golden-yellow. With every reluctant breath he took, the near-overwhelming scent of another canine filled his nostrils. A powerful heartbeat thudded beneath him, nearly bouncing his body into the air each second. The smallest, most basic action Lou's body produced was more than enough to lift the heavy mass of micros upon him. The thought chilled Markus to his core. Lou himself reclined as the shrunken friends attempted to pick themselves up. Limbs untangled, backs cracked, and grunts of apologies were muttered, all while Lou rummaged through his bag of stolen treasures. The sound of crinkling plastic made Markus flinch, but he could tell they were safe here. In a way. Hardly any light made its way into the building, if it could even be called that anymore. The hotel was dilapidated, missing entire sections of the walls on certain floors. Lou had set himself up on the second, in what Markus assumed was the only half-decent room. The remains of wallpaper hung scattered along the walls. The bathroom door had long since rotted, and the mattress on which Lou sat had certainly seen better days. But all things considered, this was still better than the alternative. It was surprisingly warm compared to the outside. That wasn't even counting Lou's body heat. As much as Markus hated relying on a giant so wholly, he couldn't deny how good it felt to not feel the biting chill of wind on his patchy fur. Yuri was the first to step forward. Like always, the best leader he could be. "Th-thanks for getting us out of the-" A sudden burst of noise interrupted his declaration of appreciation. Behind them, a horrible growl burst into the air. Bubbling and frothing, desperate noise made its way through Lou's body and to them. Markus could feel the stomach roaring into his feet, almost as if it was a veritable quake. Lou offered a sheepish grin and rubbed the back of his neck. "Er... sorry. I haven't eaten in a while. One sec!" Markus then realized that he'd instinctively stepped in front of Cody, widening his stance on the furry terrain. He blushed and stepped aside. This isn't Brandi, he told himself. I don't have to be so protective. Not that he would have been able to do much. They were standing on the hungry dog after all. They could have been scarfed down without a second thought. then either. At last, Lou picked out a can. Markus got a quick look at its label while Lou fiddled with the lid, attempting to get his claw under the pull tab. Soup. The meaty, filling kind at that. The moment he heard the hiss and pop of the can cracking open, a wonderful aroma flowed down to him. He began to drool with no more than a whiff. Above, Lou threw his head back and drank straight from the can. Eager gulps traveled downward, passing underneath the gathered micros. Markus and Cody watched in horrified fascination as each bulge traveled downward and into the spotted chest beneath them. It was hard not to, considering how many people they'd seen take the same trip. A heavy sigh followed the last gulp. Lou slurped his lips and put the can down. "Man, I hope that'll hold me over..." He readjusted, pushing himself more upright in the process. Markus and the others only had a moment to prepare before they were once again sent tumbling downward. A surprised "Oh crap!" followed their grunts of discomfort and disorientation as they fell down his body head over heels. White and black spots flew past Markus' vision before he opted to simply shut his eyes. Despite having nothing in his stomach, he felt sick enough to throw up after all this tumbling. His back soon collided with the dusty surface of Lou's mattress, ending his dizzying stint as a tumbleweed. "Er, sorry," Lou rumbled. "Didn't really think about it." "Shouldn't have put us on your chest in the first place," Markus growled. He pushed himself back up on wobbly legs and looked up. Despite knowing there was only one place they could have landed, seeing it in person felt no better. Before him, Lou's massive sack rested. The furry orbs were large and heavy enough to create their own divot in the mattress-an impressive feat, frankly. The musky smell wafting around the area was just as impressive. That didn't mean Markus was too keen on sitting here to take in the sights, though. He wanted nothing to do with a pair of genitals with a glans larger than he was. He stumbled to his feet in full and glared up to the underside of Lou's chin. Something less-than-polite bubbled up his throat, but thankfully, Yuri took the foreground before he could let it loose. "No, it's no worry," he shouted up. Markus crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. "Do you think we could have some of that soup too? It's been a few days." He laughed, trying to play off the desperation of his request. But while Yuri bartered politely, a certain pink protrusion caught Markus' eye. At the tip of Lou's sheath, his cock poked free. The pointed canine length shined with the dribble of fluids along its tip. This only made Markus more annoyed. Who wouldn't get a little turned on from having tiny guys around him? He couldn't quite hold that against the guy. Anyone would get a bit of a rush. Especially if said micros were standing around his balls. Still, it rubbed him the wrong way. Then, he saw the furry surface of Lou's sheath distend outward just beneath its lip. Markus blinked, then rubbed his eyes. "What the hell...?" he murmured. Surely, he'd just been seeing things. But then, the sheath bulged outward again. The movement was slight, but undeniable. Certainly not due to some odd protrusions on Lou's cock. A sinking feeling grew in Markus' chest. He felt as if he were riding a rollercoaster about to go over the big drop... or about to be dropped from someone's hand. Every survival instinct within him said to grab Cody and make a run for it. But like a fool, he stayed, stunned and staring. Until finally, Lou's cock throbbed and grew just a bit more. A shape popped free, mired in slimy, clear juices. The silver-feathered bird flinched at the sudden onset of light, but could only scrunch his eyes shut to avoid it. The micro opened his eyes, then locked them with Markus'. Confusion, then recognition filled his expression. Finally, panic. His eyes went wide, delivering a silent plea: Run. Markus's heartbeat skipped into overdrive. He lifted his right foot, turning on his heel in an instant. There was no time to explain, no time to demand an explanation. The sight of another man locked in with Lou's cock (tied down by the looks of it no less) was all the explanation he needed. They had fucked up. Markus didn't manage to even turn around before a shadow fell over him. Recognition flashed and his heart nearly stopped. The shadow was unmistakable, impossible to forget. His eyes focused Cody, who had the misfortune of having the same eclipse over him. And before he knew it, the familiar warmth of furry fingers crashed upon him. This time, however, the digits offered no pretense of gentleness or care. Rather than being clasped in a clumsy fist, two fingers were all Lou needed. His thumb slammed into Markus' stomach. His mighty pointer finger impacted his lower back. The air in Markus' lungs shot from his mouth in an instant in the form of a breathy wheeze. Crackles of pain traveled up his body as Lou's fingers began to rise. "F-fuck you...!" Markus growled. No doubt, his threat lost its potency, given he sounded like a used squeaky toy. Lou's half smile confirmed that suspicion. The dog's face loomed before him, larger and more terrifying than ever now that he hovered before it. Markus cautioned a glance to the side. His heart sunk. There, Cody struggled in the same position as him. The rabbit pushed against Lou's fingers, but his hands merely sunk into his finger fur. All he could manage was to ruffle the fluff. "Well, I guess it was only a matter of time, huh?" Lou chuckled. "I mean, how long did I think I could keep from getting hard with a whole group of micros to play with?" "Let them go, Lou!" Yuri shouted from below. Markus tried to force himself to look downward, but could only manage to see Lou's spotted form from this angle without breaking his spine. From there, his fellow micro was barely audible. "Whatever this is, we can talk it out!" Lou didn't so much as look down. His eyes stayed trained on Markus for a moment, then looked to Cody. Markus wondered what could have been running through the big dalmatian's mind. Then, a moment too late, he realized. Lou's maw opened, his black lips spreading to reveal a horrifying cavern of pink, slimy flesh and rocky fangs. "No! No!" Markus screamed. He kicked and squirmed, fighting with every ounce of adrenaline he could muster. Lou's fingers didn't budge an inch. Despair dawned just in time for him to look Cody in the eye one last time. The rabbit's eyes brimmed with tears, terror filling his face. Markus wanted to say something-anything-to try and make this situation better. But he couldn't come up with anything before his view was overtaken by the inner wall of Lou's cheek. He was past the ridge of fangs before he even knew it. Heat enveloped him, along with the distinct smell of chicken noodle soup. Lou's fingers released him at last, only for him to splat onto his fellow dog's tongue. Somehow, Markus always knew he'd end up in another person's mouth one day. Call it intuition, or maybe even anxiety, but fate seemed most interested in playing cruel jokes like this. The fate he always dreaded the most was certain to be his end. In a small way, he was glad to be right. Lou's tongue jolted and forced itself upward. Markus' back collided with the ridged ceiling in an instant. He knelt at one point, but that was all it took to press his body flat. His face splashed into the tongue's surface. A divot formed, perfectly fitted to his body. Drool seeped around him, soaking into his fur with its disgustingly warm-tendrils. Then, the inevitable. Lou's tongue reared again, but not to press him against the ceiling. Its surface rippled, sending him forward. The muscle became a slide, intent on sending him to his doom. A primal fear jolted Markus into action. Up until that point, he'd been passive, too stunned to acknowledge what was happening or find the strength to fight back. Although he could see nothing in the humid, dripping cavern, the knowledge of what was only inches ahead of him activated a forceful part of his brain. He screamed, pushed, kicked, and scratched at everything he could reach. Markus' mind went blank. Only survival instinct remained. He unleashed his fury in Lou's mouth, intent on tearing the bastard to shreds for everything he'd done and would do. If he'd been in a state to imagine, he'd have thought of blood and chunks of meat flying in all directions at his attack. In reality, his assault caused nothing more than an itch at the back of Lou's throat. It was only when Markus' foot collided with the squishy flesh of Lou's uvula that he snapped back into the present. He had only a moment to make sense of the sensations surrounding his body. Tight, squishy flesh entombed his form, nearly molded to his body. A heart-rending thump pounded in his ears. Thick, warm slime dripped into his face. GLK Some people seemed to think being swallowed was one of the best ways to go. It had been a morbid conversation to be sure, considering death could come any time, but nonetheless, one Markus had on many occasions. In his time since being shrunken, he'd come to find a few consensuses. Being crushed sounded fast and relatively painless. You'd vanish before you knew what hit you. If you were lucky. If not, you'd have to spend who-knows-how-long staring in shock at a masticated body part and revel in the massive pain of a misplaced stomp. Until the giant finally put you out of your misery, that is. Then, there was being eaten. Just as horrific, but with the added choices of being chewed alive or swallowed whole (not that anyone having that conversation got a choice in the matter). Markus had always argued that he'd prefer being swallowed between the two. He couldn't fathom the horror of being torn apart by massive fangs. Who could tell which chomp would finally end the pain? Now, he regretted that "choice". Finding himself in Lou's throat was perhaps the worst thing he could imagine. Personal space became a distant memory in an instant. Warm, squishy wetness encompassed his entire being. The walls were elastic, but unmalleable. No matter how he flexed and pressed his body against them, they continued to squash inward. Sticky saliva formed tendrils wherever he managed to pull away. Lou's esophagus flexed. The space beneath him widened, just barely enough for his body to fall in. Headfirst, he dove. Markus, this time, forced his arms apart to grip the walls on purpose. His fingers and palms slid uselessly downward, not a hint of traction to be found. He hoped to use his arms as a wedge, thinking he could stop his descent (or better, choke the bastard). Unfortunately, Lou's throat proved much stronger. The walls of muscle behind slick flesh shuddered, then clamped downward. Markus' flimsy arms were useless to stop them, not that he made much headway in the first place. His arms slammed back into his side, squelching him into a gooey ball again. Lou's throat squeezed unceasingly. Like the gullet of a snake, it dragged him further downward with each terrifying flex. Markus was helpless to resist. No matter how he squirmed, pushed, kicked, or screamed, nothing could stop this basest of biological functions. Muscular walls squashed unceasingly against him. It wasn't long before he began to feel lightheaded. The humid darkness took its toll. Even louder than his thoughts of panic were the constant, thumping beats of Lou's heart. It grew louder with each swallow, a steady drum announcing his arrival. At last, Markus reached the end of his journey. Lou's body gave one last muscular flex and shot him into a chamber more horrible than he could have imagined. It was one thing to imagine another person's stomach. Entering it was another thing entirely. Markus landed with a wet splash amongst a sea of mushy noodles and soggy chunks of chicken. His body splashed into the caustic pool, sinking beneath the waves. He half-hoped to break his neck upon landing. After all, anything would be better than to experience the slow horror of digestion. Instead of the merciful release of a quick death, however, the floor of Lou's stomach proved far too... squishy. It accepted his weight without complaint. In fact, Lou's stomach was almost too eager to absorb him. Markus' head vanished into the pocket of flesh like he'd stepped into a deflating bounce house. Liquid rushed into the hole with him for the brief moment the hole opened. Exposed muscle even more constricting than Lou's throat squeezed and rubbed against his ears and cheeks. Markus tried to pull away... then tried again. A shudder ran through the "ground", squelching stomach lining across his face. He shuddered at the alien touch. A bubble of air escaped his lips as realization dawned. He would not be digested. He was doomed to suffocate or drown at the bottom of a fellow man's stomach. Markus kicked and squirmed with terror running through his mind. He braced his hands against the floor and pushed for all he was worth. Nothing worked. His hands threatened to sink into the folds of flesh as well. Perhaps that was just as well. His skin had not yet begun to tingle with the first hints of digestion, likely due to the dilution of soup. He didn't know how long that would last. Maybe... it was better to die before it set in. Markus let himself fall limp. His body floated to the ground. Another wave of peristaltic motion rocked Lou's stomach, squeezing his head in its velvety folds. His lungs began to burn. This was a humiliating way to go-trapped in an acidic hole like a morbid Winnie the Pooh. Then, Markus felt hands around his waist. Before he could react, a sudden yank pulled him free. Markus broke the surface with a desperate gasp, then promptly broke into a fit of hacking. The air that rushed into his lungs burned with all the acidity that one would expect from a stomach's contents. And yet, it was all he had. He opened his eyes, hoping to get some answers in the darkness. Although he could not see, he was certain who had come to his rescue. The knowledge was bittersweet. "Heh, guess you're on a roll with saving people today," Markus wheezed. Despite his attempt at joking, his voice was hollow. Cody offered a similarly empty chuckle in return. "Yeah, I guess you could say that." The rabbit led him to a shallower area, where they could rest upon Lou's stomach lining and await their fate. Despite being out of the deep end, it still came up to their chests. Lou's stomach growled around them. His heart continued to thump above. The sounds of his body were near deafening. Yet, there was little to say anyway. "This... really sucks, doesn't it...?" Cody said. "Not as bad as it could be," Markus offered. The floor beneath them flexed, sending the frothing, bubbly sea into a fit of waves. Instinctively, they clung to each other and were sent into the depths. Lou's stomach continued to squeeze and churn around them. There would be no rest, no breathing room. Only the squeezing, crushing experience of digestion until they finally succumbed to Lou's gastric machinations.

Lou reclined, grinning at the micro jackal between his fingers. What was his name again? Turi? Yaoi? Oh, it didn't really matter. Neither did the little guy's raging glare, no matter how adorable it was. He'd been squeaking away for the entire two minutes since Lou had swallowed his friends. Oh, and put his last buddy in a much better location. Maybe he should have put the talkative one under his balls instead... Oh well, nothing can undo what's done. Lou smiled and used his other hand to rub his stomach while he relaxed. It had been so long since he'd felt micros squirming away in his stomach. It had taken all of his self-control not to eat the one stashed away in his sheath. Nothing compared to feeling a life melt away within your gut. Except maybe one struggling under your weight. Lou moaned and gave his cock another slow, deliberate stroke. His fingers traced up his sheath pet's form as they went. He was little more than a tiny bump, but Lou was sure to squeeze down whenever he passed the little guy. Precum spurted from his slit every few seconds. That and the smothering weight of his fingers ensured the micro had few chances to breathe. That only made it hotter. "You don't know how long I've waited for this!" Lou groaned. He lowered his hand to his chest, bringing Yuri with it. Before the jackal could hope to protest, a finger quickly smothered him against his sensitive nipple. The pink flesh enveloped his new toy's face, sending tingles up his spine. Lou couldn't help himself; he started to stroke faster. "I know I could have gotten caught, but when I saw you little guys hiding in that alley?" Lou bit his lip as a particularly potent burst of pleasure sent a wave of pre drooling up his cock. The flow had reached his bouncing balls, beneath which, the last of the micros remained. Jordan (assuming that was the toy's name) no longer moved much. The most he could manage was the ocassional wiggle in an attempt to flee. That being said, nothing motivated micros like a splash to the face. The moment his stream of precum dribbled down into his balls, woke a new burst of energy within him. It amounted to nothing more than a squirm, but it would do. "I couldn't wait until I had you back here though... I had to crush at least one of you." Lou's heart raced at the mere memory. The feeling of his foot crunching down on that first micro... god, what a rush. Almost as good as bouncing his wrecking balls on one with every stroke of his cock. He only wished he could have enjoyed it. But that would have only made him more suspicious. "Still, I can't believe you trusted me-huff-after that!" He laughed, but Yuri was in no place to answer. Lou rubbed him about, stroking his head around his chest in slow, deliberate circles. With each struggle to breathe, the little guy sent jolts of pleasure throughout his large "partner". Already, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. That familiar pull in his loins called to his attention. So, he went all out. Lou's strokes reached a fever pitch. His hand, lubricated by the river of precum he produced, slid up and down his cock like a mad elevator. The micro tied to his shaft whined and squeaked, but was given no reprieve. After all, he had it much better than the one beneath Lou's sack. Each stroke sent his balls bouncing up and slamming downward. Impact with the mattress felt meteoric, even to him. For that nameless micro? Well, who cared what he felt? At last, climax hit. Lou's balls fell for one final impact, just as his cock began to shudder and throb. A tiny body's last gasp of submission eclipsed Jordan's final scream. That still, paled to insignificance under Lou's gasps of pleasure. SPLIT "Fuck!" Thick, gooey ropes shot nearly a foot into the air each. The first caught a sliver of light, glinting in the darkness, before splattering onto Lou's chest. The deluge covered his fingers in a sticky frosting, but enveloped Yuri in an instant. Lou heard a tiny shout of rage ring out, just before his cum silenced its indignation. By the next seminal volley, Yuri vanished. Any third-party would see nothing more than a gratuitous puddle of cum amongst black spots. Lou couldn't help but imagine what it was like for the micro drowning in his seed. Sticky, all-encompassing, smothering... his load was all that and more. Nothing more than a shot of cum contained another being's fate. His cum. He rarely got to feel powerful in this world-even before all of the women became like gods. Things were different now, with the lives of every shrunken male beneath his feet as long as he stayed safe. His cum had the power to snuff out another man's life at the slightest whim; what could be more masculating? At last, Lou's orgasm subsided. He fell back, suddenly feeling drained. His cock fell limp in his hands. It wouldn't be long before it and its passenger would retreat into his sheath. His bird toy was too resigned to his fate to fight back against it; perhaps it was time to retire him. A flurry of motion kicked up in his stomach, but proved much lighter than previous struggles. And beneath his finger, all was still. If not for the slight pulse of life against his fingertip, he'd have assumed Yuri had drowned. He wouldn't be that lucky. Lou smiled to himself and carefully wiped the cum away from Yuri's face. The jackal had fallen unconscious, but he still had plenty of fun ahead of him. He always liked to save at least one micro after finding a group. And for now, being glued down by his new master's cum felt like the perfect orientation.
