Close to a month had passed since Sin had loaned Millie her toy, the mouse having taken her time with and fully enjoyed the little red panda. But time marches ever forward, and before long she was back at work, testing the unluckier specimens and breaking in the ones whose mistresses couldn't be bothered. Until she was informed by HR, in no uncertain terms, that if she didn't use at least a portion of her accumulated PTO, all of it would expire. I could use a break anyway, the mouse thought as she filled out the paperwork, and when the weekend finally came, she was officially off on a week's vacation. It had been three days and she was already bored. She'd done everything she could think of to her collection of toys, every torture and every torment short of snuffing out their worthless lives. And it was barely Monday. She sits there on her apartment's balcony, sipping a cask of beer in the sunshine, the trees barely clinging to their green leaves before autumn rolls in, two of her toys choking and moaning, impaled on her cock as she thinks. She could call up Octavia, see about getting in on one of her hunts...but that would technically be work, and she was supposed to be on vacation. Then again...why should she get the company involved? Plenty of girls went off on their own hunts; and it wasn't like Sincorp had any real rules on the subject. Do What Thou Wilt, that was the law of The Wilds, that vast swath of untamed wilderness where the toys hid from their rightful mistresses. And it had been quite a while since she'd...refreshed her stock of toys. Breaking them in was fun, but after a while, all the fight went out of them. Not even the heart to flinch when they heard her approach; their fear, their terror had turned to resignation and acceptance of their fate. Nothing more than playthings, completely and totally at the mercy of the giant mouse. It was...well, it was boring. There was no excitement in it, all of the fight in them reflexive and involuntary and utterly, utterly dull. She tilts the metal cask to her lips, finishing off her afternoon beer before getting up from the patio chair, her toys still stretched along her length. Accompanied by their moans and choking gasps, she heads back inside, the mouse peeling them off of her cock and dropping their limp bodies to the coffee table. Might as well start with these two, she thinks, reaching down and picking up the two felines, one in each hand. In her left, a tiger, panting and dazed, his eyes nearly rolling back in his head. In her right, a sphinx, trembling and convulsing from having more cock then he has body stretching him beyond all reason. It takes her a moment to decide which to have first, Millie eventually choosing the sphinx cat.

She pinches his tail between her fingers, letting the feline dangle as she lifts him over her head. He's too insensate to feel any terror as those jaws part, saliva clinging to the mouse's teeth as she lets go. His bones break as he slams into her buck teeth, bouncing off and landing at the back of her throat, a quick gwlp sending him down to his end. Now, she thinks, looking down at the tiger, trembling in fear after watching her so casually devour the sphinx, What to do with you? As he shivers in her palm, a grin creeps across her face, the mouse getting a wicked idea. She wraps her fingers around him, her thumb pressed against the back of his head as she moves him towards her cock. His screams are cut short, vibrating down Millie's urethra as his head is pushed in. She can't help but let out a soft moan, feeling as he starts to slip down, her cumvein bulging as the tiger thrashes around, waist deep in her cock, feeling the muscles ripple and squeeze as he's slowly pulled down. Millie gets up from the couch, the tiger's hips still dangling from her tip as she moves to stand in front of the cages, letting the rest of her toys watch as his legs and tail are slurped up. He becomes a wriggling bulge in her urethra, sliding down before slipping into one of their mistress's balls. She makes them watch his pitiful struggles, their mistress's cock aimed right at them as her balls fill with cum. His pawprints on her flesh gradually grow softer, less well defined as he begins to drown in her spunk, his screams turning to bubbling gurgles before he finally goes silent. With her first two victims claimed, she presses a button on the side of the cage system, unlatching the doors and starting to tilt the floors, dumping her toys out onto the carpet. "I'm giving you pitiful insects to the count of ten," she says, her voice booming, "Before I start hunting you~" "One." They begin to scatter, running as best they can through the forest of her carpet. "Two." A fox gets pushed to the ground by the rest, his feet tangled in the fibers. "Three." A pair of wolves reach the kitchen, their paws sliding as they scramble across the linoleum. "Four." At the base of a potted plant, a rat scratches at the edge of the terracotta saucer, managing to climb up and hide behind the pot. "Five." One of her felines, a lion, dives beneath her couch. "Six." A lizard climbs his way up her entertainment center, hiding behind her cable box. "Seven." The fox finally manages to untangle himself from the carpet, clawing at the floor as he tries to get out of sight. "Eight." His orange fur contrasts badly with the beige polyester pile as he wades his way through. "Nine." He can see it there in the distance, making a mad dash for the kitchen, the linoleum in sight. "Ten!" Too late. Millie's eyes snap open, her footsteps shaking the floor as she watches him dive onto the smooth surface, a cruel grin crossing her massive face. She lifts her paw high and brings it

down on him with the force of a pile driver. THOOM. His only consolation is that it was instantaneous, his body crushed into a bloody pulp before the pain signals had a chance to reach his brain. And there, by the range, she sees the wolves, evidently trying to get up into the storage drawer. There's a crunching squish to her footfalls now, continually stepping on what's left of the fox's mangled corpse as she walks over towards the canines. She crouches down, her cock aimed straight at them as she reaches out, snapping the two up in one hand and shoving them face first into her urethra. Two cocksnacks at once was new territory for the mouse, not that they wouldn't fit. And the two of them squirmed and struggled so wonderfully on their way down it surprised her that she didn't shoot her load right then and there. She reached down and felt the twin bulges slip down her cumvein, feeling them slide deeper and deeper until they disappeared into her sheath, sliding down into her balls. Cock still erect, she turns her attention back to the living room, checking the furniture and finding a signature brownish-green tail just poking out behind her cable box. Before he can think to pull it back, she's already on him, her fingers wrapping around his body and pulling him out from his hiding spot. "Mmm, now what to do with you?" she says, a cruel grin spreading across her face. She dangles him from between her fingertips, watching him squirm and sway in her grasp before an idea comes to her. "I know," she says at last, grasping him tight, "You're going to explore the deepest reaches of the mouse~" With him held firm, she reaches back and spreads her ample cheeks, the pink pucker of her asshole greeting him. His mumbled pleas melt into muffled screams, Millie pressing him head first into her ass, feeling him thrash around as her finger pushes him deeper. Her colon ripples and slides around him, pulling him from her grasp, dragging him through her slimy innards towards the mouse's churning, bubbling stomach. A finger traces his path through her intestines until she can't feel him beneath her fat. Her ear twitches, Millie hearing the sound of tiny claws on terracotta, peering over the potted plant to see the rat clinging to the back of the pot, trying desperately to hide from her sight. He lets out a sharp squeak as she reaches down, grabbing him by the tail and dangling him in the air. Her face goes from mild bemusement to a sinister grin as she holds him in front of her face. "You know, I can't remember if you're one of my stretchy ones or not," she says casually, "Not as if it makes much of a difference either way." She wraps her fingers around his body, lowering him down towards her still throbbing cock. What few pleas for mercy he can muster are quickly cut short, Millie pulling his arms from their sockets with a sickening crack as she tries to force him onto her shaft.

She can hear the terror in his whimpers as it soon becomes clear that, no, he wasn't one of her stretchy ones. His jaw snaps like a twig from her girth, his screams growing more and more frantic. She can feel I'm his insides tearing, feel her disposable toy going limp in her hand as she fucks his organs apart. Blood and viscera burst from his ass as she turns his gutted carcass into an onahole, the rat nearly making it to her base before his body rips in half. "Mm, guess you weren't," she says idly, grabbing the ruined rat from her blood-stained shaft, disposing of the corpse with a swift glp. As soon as he lands in the soup of her belly, Millie's extra sensitive ears pick something up - the sound of a panicked, pounding heartbeat and pleading, feline whimpers. To the lion, the couch was the size of a small building, but to her, it was nothing more than a cheap piece of furniture, easily shoved out of her way. The lion tries to run, to flee from her grasp, but she manages to nab him by the tail, lifting him up and letting him dangle far above the carpet below. "Mnn, you're the last one," she says, tears streaming down the lion's face as he silently pleads for mercy. He should have known better. His terror only fueled her sadism, the mouse relishing his terror as if it were an especially sweet slice of cheesecake. She sits down on the couch, her legs spread as she slowly lowers him down her body. "If I had the time to really have fun with you," she says, pressing him against her massive, churning sac, letting him feel the wolves desperately squirming as they're slowly dissolved, "I'd leave you right here, let you feel them churning away into my seed...then drop you in a jar and obliterate you with my hot, thick cum." She slowly drags him back up her sac, pressing his face against her knot, thick, heavy musk wafting up from her sheath. "But," she continues, "I would like to make it out to The Wilds sometime before sundown. After all, it's not as much fun if you little insects can't see your tormentor." A blunt claw pushes his head down, the scent of his owner's lust increasing exponentially as he's ruthlessly shoved into her sheath, almost drowned in smegma as he's squeezed between a cock and a soft place. As soon as he disappears beneath her knot, the mouse puts him out of her mind. Either he'd survive by cleaning her or he'd be crushed to death by her erection. It ultimately made no difference to her either way. Now that the last of her toys was taken care of, Millie needed to get prepared. It wasn't just the toys out in The Wilds, after all. And it wasn't just anthros that were affected on T-Day. Everyone had heard the talk from the hunters coming back from the wilderness. Trees with dripping, cock-like vines. Massive feral wolves and mountain lions, ten or fifteen feet at the shoulder. And that didn't take into account the various failed experiments that were simply released outside the cities. Digging around in her closet, she finds the belt she wore on her last trip out, though that time was with a hunting party.

On her left hip, a stun prod. Conductive tip and sides, rated for 5,000 volts. Enough of a shock to make any person or beast reconsider. On her right, a blaster pistol, with settings for jacketed plasma bolts, thermal radiation, and a stream of highly compressed refrigerant. The look was a little cheesy, but she just couldn't pass up that 70s space opera aesthetic. The belt still fit, thankfully, the equipment jangling as she makes her way out of the apartment and down the stairs. It wasn't too long a hike to the edge of The Wilds, something the mouse had been looking for when she got this apartment. It was about three in the afternoon when she crossed the uncodified boundary between civilization and what remained of the pre T-Day world. She has to duck under a branch or two, and move aside the odd vine here and there, but overall the trip deeper is fairly uneventful. Right up until she stumbles across the first of the toy encampments, sheltered by the ruins of one of the old world cities. The wheezing is her first sign that something is terribly amiss, the mouse crouching in the deep forest as heavy footsteps soon follow. She'd rather not be visible until she knows what she's dealing with. Which, as it turns out, happens to be one of the company's failures. The shambling beast would have come up to Millie's chest, were she not crouched down in the shadow of the canopy. It looked like it had once been a skunk, but now it was something twisted and horrible. Its fur had clearly been coming off in patches for quite a while, its tail completely devoid of fur. Its eyes were glazed over, almost milky with cataracts as it slowly moved through the forest. Its skin was covered in green pustules and the still oozing remnants of ones that had popped, the tip of its tail had its own distinct mouth, and wriggling tentacles surrounded its waist. Millie sat back and watched, half in fascination and half in disappointment, as the toys scream for their lives. Some are stomped; others devoured by that salivating tail maw; the flagellating tentacles took the rest. With the abomination gone and the encampment emptied, the mouse saw no reason to stick around. Getting up from her hiding spot, she walks through the ruined encampment, hoping perhaps to find a survivor or, if she was especially lucky, a sign of another camp. But the abomination was thorough, Millie forced to walk on dejected. Despite her best intentions, night was beginning to fall, the sun sinking beneath the canopy. She was lucky enough to find a cave that, even though she'd have to duck, she could fit into. She crouches as she walks, getting herself deep enough to be concealed from the entrance before settling down in a mossy nook. And then she heard them. The high pitched screeching. The fluttering flap of giant, fleshy wings beating against the air, hundreds of the creatures, their wingspan as wide as her palms connected at the wrists. The bat-like beasts fly from the mouth of the cave, a couple brushing against her fur on their way out

as she settles down her bed of moss. She closes her eyes and gradually begins to relax, the mouse falling into a deep sleep. Her dreams, for the first time in a long while, are very strange. None of it made much sense, and none of it directly involved her. Millie was an ethereal spectator for all of it, watching giant snakes do battle over a fiery pit, eagles and buzzards circling overhead. Her eyes snap open, the mouse stretching atop the vegetation and slowly pushing herself up. Sunlight was beginning to stream in through holes in the ceiling, growing brighter the closer she got to the entrance. She has to shield her eyes as she emerges, the morning dew shaking off of the trees and covering her fur. Millie sticks to the underbrush, crouching beneath the trees, trying to make her movements as hard to spot as possible. She'd picked up something on the breeze, the telltale pheromones of toys, hiding in the crumbling village. There was no one around to steal her capture this time, no one to keep the starving mouse from eating her fill. "Village" may have been a bit too generous of a term. The toys were hunkered down in just a handful of buildings, none of them over two stories tall. Why, with just a sweep of her arms... A grin creeps across the huge mouse's face, Millie hitting upon a truly sadistic idea. She creeps out of the treeline, somehow managing to catch them all unawares. And then she pounces, her arms stretched out wide as she throws herself forward, encompassing the whole of the occupied structures. A rumbling sound accompanies the shrieks of horror and fear, Millie pressing her arms into the soil, digging up rock and soil and creating a wall around her new captives. Her mouth began to water, drool dripping down her chin and landing in the circle. "Mmmm, lucky me," she says, the toys cowering in fear, "Just what I wanted for breakfast." There were at least half a dozen of them trapped - hardly enough for a proper meal at her size, but enough to at least tide her over until she could get something more substantial. Still...even though she was hungry, she couldn't help herself. "Now, let's see which of you gets to be my first course," she says, her eyes trained on the nearest ones, relishing in their terror as she pointed at them in turn. "Eeny, meeny, miney, moe," she counts, running through the whole counting out rhyme, her finger landing on a pudgy stallion, "It!" He screams as her palm opens, his fists beating her fingers as they wrap around him, the rest of the toys forced to watch in mute horror as he's lifted from the circle. He trembles in her grasp, Millie bringing him up to her face, licking her chops in front of him. Her jaws gape, her head tilting back as she takes his leg between her fingers, dangling him over that yawning chasm...before she drops him in.

He shrieks in horror as he plummets towards her maw, bouncing off her tongue and slipping down into her throat. A simple, soft glp sends him down to the inferno of her belly, the macro mouse looking down at the rest of her breakfast. There was no more teasing, no more playful banter. They were her food and she intended on treating them like it. Her hand reaches in, grabbing up four more of them in one hand. Their species and physical characteristics, all meaningless. Her jaws parted, her hot, humid breath reeking of death washing over them, saliva clinging to her teeth as the trio was pushed into her mouth. Good food, as they say, was meant to be savored, and in that spirit, Millie moves her snacks around her mouth, taking in their unique flavors before she tilts her head back again. Glp The quartet bulge in her throat as they slip down, the mouse swallowing them almost without thinking. And then there was one. A solitary, lone tiger, trembling as she loomed over the mouse-made crater. She reaches in, the feline scrambling to get away from her hand and failing, the mouse's palm pressing him against the dirt and torn up cobblestone roads. "My, my, what do we have here," she teases, her fingers digging furrows into the soil as she wraps them around him, "A tiny little toy all on his lonesome~" She lifts him up out of the crater, Millie sitting on her feet as she knelt in what used to be a village. "Mmmm, now just where could all of your friends have gone, hmm?" The macro mouse knew this had to be torture for the kitty, the giant monster that had devoured the only family he knew taunting him about it...but unknown to him, things were about to get worse. She holds him in her hand, lifting him up from the crater, the mouse leaning back a bit to accentuate her already prominent belly. Her hand presses him tight against that soft, brown furred flesh, the tiger able to hear the sounds of all of his friends, screaming in fear and pain, pounding on the walls of her stomach, begging for someone, anyone to help them. "Mnnn, there they are," she says, a sadistic chuckle reverberating through her body. Her hand moves the tiny tiger, rubbing him through her fur, forcing him to feel the fat that was once who knows how many toys. "Why, it seems like a big mean ol' mousey went and gobbled them up for breakfast~" she teases, dragging him up her body, up through her cleavage as her fingers wrap around him tight again. Her stomach lets out a long, low gurgle, loud enough to be heard by the tiger even at this distance. She lifts him up towards her face, her snack forced to watch as a rumble comes up her throat, the mouse's cheeks puffing out as her mouth fills with a burst of air from her stomach. Bhrrrup. He could smell death on her breath, smell acid and pulverized flesh and macerated, churned corpses. And fear, the absolute, mind-breaking horror that his friends were living through. "Oops," she says, a sadistic grin crossing her face, "Was that the last of your friends' air?" Her eyes narrow as a chuckle burns through her chest. "Don't worry, they'll get some more," she needles, "When I send you down to join them."

The monstrous mouse's jaws gape before him, her breath even more rancid than her belch had been, the humid air washing over him as he's brought towards her salivating maw. His screams of horror are soon muffled by Millie's tongue, his captor and predator rubbing him along it, tasting every inch of his body as she soaks him in thick, clinging saliva. He tasted wonderful, she found that all kitties did, but the tiger's fear was what made him extra delicious. Knowing what was about to happen to them, knowing the kind of nightmarish torture they were in for...it only made their pitiful struggles sweeter. He wriggles in her grasp, the greedy gluttonmaus pulling him into her maw, tossing him around with her tongue and soaking him in thick saliva before tilting her head back. She could both hear and feel him screaming as he slid into her throat, the monstrous mouse finishing her breakfast with a simple glp. Her jaws part, Millie's tongue sliding from between her lips as she lets out a slow exhale. He was still slipping down her esophagus as she started off on her way, a careless footstep collapsing one of the walls of the crater she'd just created. She leaves deep pawprints in the soft soil of The Wilds, the mouse trodding over what had once been superhighways and rural back roads, all of them mossy and overgrown. Off in the distance, she hears a piercing howl, Millie instinctively crouching low beneath the trees. She begins to creep forward, keeping her profile low and staying as quiet as a mouse. Her ears pick up more than her eyes, swiveling wildly at every sound. A snarling growl. The terrified shriek of a toy running for his life. The plodding thump of quadrupedal footsteps. At the edge of a clearing, she sees it. The remnants of a toy encampment in another small village, being menaced and scattered by a giant feral wolf, easily twelve feet tall at the shoulder, its teeth and jaws dripping with blood. Always a day late and a dollar short, Millie thought to herself, watching the feral beast paw at the ground before snapping something up in its jaws. She could tell by the shrieks of pain it was one of the toys, but more than that she couldn't say. The beast shakes its head wildly with the tiny in its jaws, Millie's ears able to pick up on the telltale crrrnch of its vertebrae being crushed by in its jaws. After that comes the decidedly different cracking of bones being chewed to pieces, a trickle of blood tinged saliva dripping from the corner of the canine's mouth. She lets out a groaning sigh. How was she supposed to restock her toys if the wildlife kept beating her to all their hiding spots? She'd been out on hunts before, she'd been given the basic training for survival in The Wilds. How hard could it be to drive off some dumb mutt? She stands up, nearly three times the feral's height as she walks out of the shadows, out of the tree line into the clearing. Putting her fingers to her lips, she lets out a sharp whistle, the hound snarling in reply as it recognizes her for what she is: a rival claimant to the food. The beast charges at her, Millie lowering herself down to prepare for a fight. Things did not start off on the right foot for the mouse. The canine runs full tilt at her, slamming chest first into Millie and knocking her onto her back. She managed to keep its sharp teeth from her flesh, but a couple of good lunges almost got there. Her hands were on its chest, the

snarling beast dripping saliva down onto her. Eventually, she manages to heave the canine off of her, sending it crashing through the ruins of the village. Millie manages to get back to her feet, charging at the reeling feral. Now it was her turn to lunge at the hound, her body slamming through the village as she tackled it hard. It let out a yelp as she wrapped her elbow around its throat, kicking and struggling underneath her before the mouse finally let it go. It darts whimpering back into the forest, Millie pushing herself back up off the ground and dusting herself off. She turns, planning on checking what was left of the village, but a single glance showed that whatever was there had been crushed during the tussle with the hound. The few buildings that had been left standing were flattened into rubble, the occasional smear of red showing where a toy had been hiding. With a sigh of disappointment, she turns towards the left, intending on continuing that way for a while before heading back towards civilization. Her footfalls shake the trees around her, Millie trudging through the wilds until finally she sees it. Off in the distance was a city, a proper city, its tallest buildings reaching up over the mouse's head...just barely. Though, judging by the state of some of those buildings, it'd been picked over time and time again by the hunting parties. Though, as she stood there in the half ruined city, she got the feeling that there was something more to this place, something...hidden. It took her hours to finally sniff it out, the sun high overhead by the time she pieces everything together. On the outskirts of town sat a lone cabin, isolated apart from an overgrown dirt road leading up to it. It was extremely hard to see, but tangled vegetation atop a nearby hill occluded what seemed to be a small basin, a few hundred meters in diameter. In reality, it was a cleverly disguised missile silo door, a relic of the pre-T Day world. Which naturally meant that the cabin was also a clever ruse, a way to disguise the silo's entrance. Millie seemed almost reluctant to knock down the structure at first, gently prodding the walls with a toe, tapping her claw against the door as if she were asking to be let in. Then with a grin spreading across her face, she winds her foot back and slams it through the building, scattering the wood like matchsticks with a single kick. There amid the rubble was the confirmation of her suspicions, a metal hatch in what had once been the floor of the cabin. She drops to her knees, the heavy impact feeling like an earthquake within the silo's control center. Even buried under tons of dirt and thick concrete, the mouse's satellite dish ears could pick up on the terrified screams. She could almost hear herself gloating to Octavia later about this, the mouse fantasizing about giving her a tip from "the better hunter". Her blunt claws rip through the dirt, Millie scratching and clawing at soil and rock around the trap door. In minutes, she's uncovered the blast lock, the mouse tearing the roof off and exposing the hallway and blast doors. She reaches into the hole and grabs the concrete walkway, crushing it in one hand and completely severing the one time control center. The screams intensify, the toys inside knowing full well that it wasn't any natural phenomenon that caused the rumbling. Her claws scrape against the concrete, Millie digging through the earth until the control center is

likewise exposed, her hands reaching into the hole and worming their way underneath. With a heavy grunt, she rips the structure from the ground, tilting the broken walkway into the air as she carries off her prize. Judging by the screams of her new toys, there had to be at least a dozen of them in there, being jostled against the concrete walls with every step she takes. Now that she'd captured her prize, there really was no reason for her to stick around in the wilds, the massive mouse making a beeline back towards civilization...presumably. The diversion of bedding down for the night in the cave had disoriented her slightly, Millie not entirely sure just which direction she'd come from. She knew that she'd entered from the north, and that she had tried to continue in the same direction, but things were unclear. Logically, she thought, I could simply make a left turn and head back the way I came. Of course, there was no guarantee that would have taken her north. There was a chance, slim though it was, that she'd veered far off track from the cave. As she passes through the trees into a clearing, an idea comes to her. She reaches up and snaps off one of the branches, walking out to the middle of the clearing and sticking it into the ground. After watching the shadow move for a few minutes, she's able to get her bearings again and start moving north. Now that she'd got what she came for, she didn't bother with checking any of the other ruins she came across. Though, Millie did have to admit, it was kind of fun stomping through those few in her direct path, whipping her tail into buildings and watching them crumble. She can still hear the occasional moaning wail from the control center, a sign that they were still intact in there. The mouse continues on through the ruins of the old world, back towards civilization. And that's when she sees it. Standing there at a break in the trees that used to be a highway was the same mutated skunk that she'd seen the previous day, crouched down and searching through ruined cars looking for prey. Millie finds a safe spot to stash her captives, tucking the structure between a pair of trees before stepping forward and pulling the stun stick from her belt. As she steps into the sunlight, the mutant's head seems to snap around, sightless eyes fixing on her before it lets out a clicking growl. The skunk-thing charges headlong at her, Millie preparing herself to meet the creature. A hundred yards. Fifty. Twenty. Closer and closer, its tailmaw snapping and drooling, almost to her before Millie simply steps out of the way. Now it was her turn to charge, the mutant skidding to a stop, its paws digging into the ground as Millie runs full tilt. She had been intending on hitting it hard in the stomach with the stun stick, leaving it behind and heading for home. The mutant had other ideas. As she gets closer, the tentacles whip out, knocking the tool from her hand and leaving her fist to make contact with the mutant. It lets out a gurgling cry of pain, her punch enough to register. Its tentacles grab at her legs, wrapping around them and pulling Millie off her feet as the mutant's tailmaw snaps at her. The mouse's foot slips free of the flagellating appendages, delivering a swift kick to the tailmaw's jaw, the former skunk howling in pain as it bites off the tip of its tail tongue. Greenish serum drips from its

mouth, Millie freeing her other foot, giving the mutant a kick in the ribs before shoving it off of her. It lands on its back with a ground shaking thud, Millie scrambling to her feet, diving on its back as it turns over. She can feel the pustules on its back burst under her weight, smearing on her chest and matting her fur slightly. With it pinned under her, Millie delivers a sharp whack to the back of its head, knocking the mutant unconscious. What happened to it now was none of her concern, the mouse getting back to her feet and dusting herself off. As her fur heated back up from movement, she could smell something vaguely familiar but couldn't quite place it, Millie retrieving her toys and continuing back to the north. It was dark when she finally reached the edge of civilization, the mouse trekking the last half hour through the setting sun and moonlit night. But finally, finally she was back at home. Or close to it, at least. She recognized this part of the city, much newer buildings than her apartment. That was by necessity, both due to the needs of the occupants - this was where the titan and kaiju sized girls lived - and the fact that it'd seen girls of the same size doing their own particular brand of urban renewal on T-Day. Her paws were aching from the walk, but still she pressed on, at least until she got to the nearest transit station. She looked like she'd been through the wringer, and after the last couple of days, felt like it too. But she had her brand new toys to show for it, toys which she was going to thoroughly enjoy breaking in. Her nose twitched again, that same familiar scent hitting her. "But first," she mutters to herself, "I've got to get a shower in." She was lucky, a train arrived within five minutes. The mouse had to force herself up from the bench, but sitting there on the train, she felt an immense sense of relaxation and accomplishment. Not to mention how much she was looking forward to cracking open her box of goodies. Fortunately for her, she had boarded the train only a few stops away from home. Even more fortunately, it was heading in the right direction, the rhythmic clacking of the wheels almost enough to lull her to sleep. But even with how dog tired she was, there was still work to do before she could rest. She had to get her new charges in their places, the mouse eager to see just how many cages she'd be able to fill up with this haul. And then after, a well deserved bath to wash off the grime of roughing it out in The Wilds for a full day, and maybe order something to eat afterwards. After all, she would like to keep most of her new toys long enough for them to be trained. Her apartment was on the edge of the mammoth district, Millie just barely over the line but still able to live comfortably in one of the larger mammoth apartments. The train's tinny automated announcement system crackles over the PA system. "Titan Street Station next, Titan Street." The brakes screech as the train slows, the doors opening with a hiss as Millie again forces herself to her feet. Carrying her concrete treasure box, she makes her way off the train and off the platform, slowly walking the few blocks back to her apartment. Finally, she was home. With a heavy sigh, she closes the door behind her, the mouse's fur momentarily on edge as she puts the control center down on the coffee table, the concrete grinding against wood.

Ultimately she decides that the shower can wait. She's eager to get her new toys acclimated to their new life as her property. Millie uses an old world sledgehammer the way one might crack a soft boiled egg, tapping around the rim of the concrete structure. Cracks begin to form in the structure, Millie poking holes between the rebar until she can get her fingers into the cracks. The toys cry out in terror as she rips off the roof, the mouse eagerly counting up her haul. Twenty-one in all, a fair sized collection to replenish her stocks. Oddly enough, one of them starts to wave up at her, apparently trying to get the giantess's attention. "Yes, hello miss..." He pauses, apparently intending for her to give her name, the mouse remaining silent. "Yes, well, you see, my name is Arthur J. Wellington," he continues, undeterred, "And I was wondering if we might come to some sort of an arrangement for the release of myself and my fellows here." As he talks, a smirk, then a smile crosses Millie's face, their new owner snorting, then wheezing with laughter. "Release?" she says, wiping a tear from her eye, "Oh, that is a good one, I haven't laughed that hard in quite a while." She wraps an arm around the control center, pressing it to her body and getting up from the couch, carrying it over to the cages. She presses a button and the cage doors flip open, Millie reaching in and grabbing the toys. "Just the notion that I'd spend two days out there," she says, starting to put them in their cages, "Only to let my prizes go when I get them home. Oh, mercy." One after another she shuts the doors on her new toys, the talkative husky forced to share a cage with a trembling, fluffy sheep. Stepping back, she gets all of their attention with a snap of her fingers. "Let's get one thing straight real fucking quick," she says, her voice booming to them, "You - all of you - are my property now. All of you had better learn your places and fast. Otherwise...well, let's just say there's always room in my belly for little snacks like you." Deeming them sufficiently cowed for now, she turns to head for the bathroom, the mouse desperate for a shower after roughing it for a couple of days, not to mention the tussle with the skunk. It was only now, taking off her belt, that she realized she'd dropped the stun stick during the fight. Oh well, she thinks, At least they're not that expensive. Millie strips herself down the rest of the way, tossing the clothes into the hamper in the bathroom. She could worry about laundry later, right now she wanted to feel the warm water on her fur, washing away the grime of the past forty-eight hours. She reaches into the shower and turns on the water, letting it get nice and warm before stepping in. She had always liked her showers hot, the steam fogging up the mirror and the glass shower door as she soaks down her fur. The mouse pays particular attention to her chest, that same strangely familiar smell sticking with her as she lathers herself and then rinses herself clean. As was so often the case, her cock twitched to life as she began to soap it up, throbbing in her hands. Without a properly trained toy to assist, she had to take matters into her own hands, so to speak. Her palms coated in the soapy water, she begins to slowly rub along her length, her ears blushing a bright pink as the water cascades down her body.

A river of precum starts to flow from her tip, Millie leaning forward and bracing herself against the wall of the shower as she strokes. Water soaks her back, running down over her, the mouse beginning to bite her lip. She closes her eyes and begins to pant, her breaths getting heavier and her strokes coming faster and faster as she pictures a squirming, writhing little slut stretched over the end of her cock, just the right size for her to absolutely ruin... With a groan, she cums. Hard. If she had been stretching out a toy, there's no way he would have survived the tidal wave of thick mousey seed that spurts from her tip. In the absence of a living, squirming condom, the water washes her thick jizz down the drain. A bit of a waste, all things considered, but she didn't want one of her toys to end up like her old chemistry professor. Shot after shot splatters against the floor of the shower, Millie puffing and panting as she rides out her orgasm. Were it not for the drain and the consistent flow of water, she would have been standing in a pool of cum, the mouse suddenly realizing just how horny her time in The Wilds had made her. A deep, grumbling growl from her stomach reminds her that she hasn't had a decent meal since breakfast, when she found that small village. They had been enough to tide her over, but now she was getting hungry again. She sighs and finishes washing herself off, Millie turning off the water and stepping back out of the shower. The mouse rubs down her fur, leaving it poofy and full beneath her robe as she ambles out to the living room. There, she flops down on the couch, her newly captured playthings trembling as they watch their owner fearfully. For her part, the mouse doesn't pay them any mind, instead reaching for her cell phone and dialing a number by memory. "Hello," she says sweetly, "I'd like to make an order for delivery, please." Brief silence as the party on the other end speaks. "Oh, perfect. And can I get the pie with extra cheese?" A subtly self-deprecating grin crosses her face. "You know how we mice can get. Right, right, apartment 221B, Von Neumann tower." Another pause. "Oh, it'll be cash tonight," she says, "Twenty minutes sounds perfect, thank you so much. Mm, good night to you too." The mouse hangs up, putting her phone down and getting up from the couch, going over to her secretary desk and retrieving a pad and pen. Sitting back down, she crosses her legs and sets the pad on her thigh, starting to write and occasionally glancing back over at her cages, looking at all her new toys. With all of them listed out, their accompanying cage number added, Millie starts to go through the list, figuring out which modifications she wants for which toys. She only gets about halfway done when a knock comes at the door, the macro mouse putting the pad and pen down on the coffee table. "Just a moment~" she calls, getting up and grabbing her wallet from the kitchen peninsula countertop on the way to the door. Opening it, there stands a bun about half her height, Millie taking a step back to look at her. "Evening, ma'am," she says, holding a pizza box with another, rectangular box sat on top, "That'll be twenty-eight fifty-three." The mouse goes through and pulls out three bills, handing them to the rabbit and taking the boxes. "There's, uh, thirty-five," she says, setting her wallet on

the pizza box, "Keep the change." The bun tucks away the money in her pouch. "Thanks," she replies, "Have a good evening, enjoy." Very helpfully, the rabbit pulls the door shut, Millie carrying her dinner back to the couch, setting it down on the coffee table. The pizza place had a deal running, a large pizza and eight captive bred toys, complete with One Size Fits All and Chef Sin's Special Spices treatments, ready to be thoroughly enjoyed by the discerning giantess. She opens up the box of micros, finding them suspiciously similar to a certain red panda that the mouse had graciously been allowed to borrow recently. Her belly grumbles as she reaches in, grabbing one of them by the tail and lifting him up. She licks her chops as he dangles there in front of her face, the mouse letting him swing back and forth until she suddenly lets him go, snapping him up in mid-air. Almost reflexively, she lets out a purring moan of pleasure. The particular configuration of this restaurant's supply made the tinies deliciously umami, the red panda's fur tasting like a blend of hard, crumbly cheeses, fit to accompany any Italian dish. She tosses him from side to side in her maw, giving his fur a thorough soaking in saliva before tilting her head back and letting him slide down with a reverberating gwlp. She reaches in for two more, popping one of them into her jaws while the other gets pressed to the tip of her cock. After all, good food was meant to be enjoyed. Her shaft fills and overfills him, his useless, pathetic cries as more cock than he has body is shoved up his ass only making the mouse's shaft throb harder. She tilts her head back again, another pan consigned to the chasm of her belly as one gets treated like the living sex toy he was. Reaching in, she grabs onto a third and tosses him between her jaws, the mouse having something different in mind for him. As she masturbates with the unlucky second, her tongue forces the pan around her mouth, pushing him from side to side and really taking in the flavor. Then she traps him between her molars, steadily increasing the pressure on him, hearing his whimpering whines as it gets harder and harder to struggle before... Crrnch. The metallic taste mingles with the flavor blend, her new captures looking on in horror as she chews a few more times, blood tinged saliva leaking from the corner of her mouth. All while still using one as an onahole. This time, she doesn't need to tilt her head, a grin creeping across her face as she feels the horrified screams of the two in her stomach, seeing the mangled corpse landing in the acids with them. With four left in the box, she decides to accelerate things a bit. Millie picks up the box and puts the corner to her lips, tilting it and sending all four down her throat in rapid succession. The mouse tosses the box on the couch then stands back up, letting her robe fall away as she walks over to her cages. The red panda still impaled, she presses her tip into the collection tube before starting to slide him up and down. Her new toys look on in wordless horror as she fucks her way through the red panda, using him solely for her pleasure until the dam breaks. Cum geysers from her tip, wicked away by the tube to be deposited in the feeding tank. Even from

here they could hear her heart pounding through her orgasm, the mouse shuddering as the suction seals the cup around the top of her shaft. Panting, she slumps against the wall, flicking a switch to stop the suction before pulling her cock free with a shllrk, hanging it back up on its hook before sliding the stretched red panda off. The mouse uses him to wipe up what little is left on her tip before thoughtlessly opening her mouth and tossing him in. A swift swallow sends him down to join the others in her stomach, the organ grumbling around them as it finds itself still insufficiently filled. Fortunately, the deal came complete with a large pizza, one that was still hot and ready for the mouse. She flips open the box and lets out a chittering squeak of approval at the scent, her tastebuds primed and ready for the gooey cheese. Pulling a slice from the whole, the cheese stretches wonderfully, Millie devouring the slice in a few bites, the surviving redpans in her belly finding themselves buried under an avalanche of mozzarella, sauce, and crust as she feasts on the pie. Slice after slice disappears into her jaws, packing her belly tighter and tighter with the more conventional meal. It takes her barely half an hour to finish the whole thing, the imprints of her more squirmy meals visible on the outline of her stomach, her belly packed so tight they can hardly move inside. Stifling a belch, she bends the box up and throws it in the kitchen trash, shutting off the lights before heading to her bedroom. "Try to get some sleep tonight," she teases her new toys, "Big day for all of you tomorrow~" She crawls beneath the covers and is out almost before her head hits the pillow. After a day and a half of roughing it, even her firm mattress felt like a heavenly cloud. Her dreams on the other hand are somewhat...strange. In sleep, her mind drifts back to before T-Day, back to being a high school student just before graduation, sneaking out to go see a band downtown. Having to fend off a jackal who tried to mug her. Her parents being glad she was alright but also upset that she snuck out in the first place. And then there was college, her work in biochemistry, and finally...T-Day. Dawn breaks after a night of restless sleep, the light streaming into the windows of Millie's bedroom, falling right across her eyes. And, predictably, her morning wood. She always woke up hard after dreaming about T-Day, though remembering some of her other dreams...the mouse made a mental note to try and get in touch with her mom. Her memories had made her curious about whether or not she kept her dad. Deep down, she hoped she did. Ah, but that was all for the future. For now, it was time for her to get the supplies she needed to really start breaking in her haul. Gradually, her erection begins to flag, her tapered and knotted cock receding back into her sheath as she started to get dressed. Nothing too fancy, just a tee and a pair of jeans. Not that nudity of any kind was taboo anymore, but still, better to be protected from the elements. The mouse takes a seat on the couch and turns on the TV, the news coming on straight away. They were on the weather report, from the look of things there'd be a few rain showers coming through later in the day. She picks up the pad she was writing on the previous night, then dials another number by memory on her cell. "Heeeey, Elena," she says sweetly, receiving a joke in

response, "Yeah, that's me, big miss workaholic. Nah, the reason I'm calling is business for you, pleasure for me." The dragoness on the other end cooed, intrigued, pumping Millie for the scoop on just how her vacation was going. "Ehhh, I'll tell you in detail when I see you later," she says, "But I took a trip out into The Wilds and found some new toys. So I need to place an order for some of the home enhancement kits." Hearing that, the dragoness was all business again. Knowing Millie the way she did, it was bound to be something absolutely absurd. "Well, for starters," the mouse says, "I need twenty-one doses of One-Size-Fits-All..." On the other end, shocked, Elena begins to write down her order. She was right about it being absurd, but had no idea just how right she was. "...aaand also five doses of Hard On Spray, four of Phoenix Hell, two of Chef Sin's Special Spices, four MPreg-Mate, three Cummy Dummy, six Scent Sniffer, three Dumb Animal, seven Estruizer, three Lim-B-Gone, and five Last Breath." There's a few moments of silence as Elena catches up and recovers from her shock. "Well...kinda," the mouse admits when asked if she captured a whole village, "I'll give you the deets when I see you later." "Speaking of later, how long do you think it'll be?" she asks, "Like, do I have time to get some breakfast first?" She nods, Elena telling her that it'd probably be about an hour before they get everything bundled together. "Oh, great," she says, "Just enough time to grab something quick downtown along the way." There's a brief pause, neither the mouse nor the dragoness quite sure how to broach the next subject. Millie's the one who cracks first. "So...how much is this grand scheme of mine going to set me back?" she asks, her ears flattening at the quoted number. "That's with the employee discount?" Her ears twitch up in hope, then flatten again. She takes a deep breath, then says, "Okay, go for it." There's a bit more chatter from the dragoness, confirming that Millie is really sure about going forward. "I'm sure," she says, "Besides, the MPreg-Mate will basically pay for itself eventually, maybe even pay for the rest of them too." Elena puts in the order for her, then offers the usual goodbyes. "See you in a bit," the mouse replies, Millie hanging up. It wouldn't take all that long to get down to the distribution center, so she spends a little more time watching the news. There was a hockey game coming up, but not much else of interest to her. The mouse gets up and turns off the TV, heading out and locking up behind her. She was confident that her toys would stay in place, not that they had any reasonable chance at getting away. Her mind and her eyes began to wander as she waited for the train. Some of the smaller girls had their toys leashed and harnessed, a couple of them allowed to stand upright but most forced to crawl. Some of the larger girls, on the other hand, were wearing their toys as jewelry, bound and dangling from ears or as charm bracelets, or as in the case of a particularly bold dalmatian woman, chained between her nipple rings. Everyone boards the train, with the smaller girls up front and the larger girls further back. As it lurches forward, Millie pulls out her phone and starts to text a few friends, bragging about her trip to the wilds and the new toys she picked up. Most express feelings of mild jealousy, with a couple planning their own expeditions over the weekend. The wheels clack on the rails, Millie

switching to a game on her phone as she rides on towards downtown. It's only a few stops to the one she needs, Millie getting up as it pulls in. The doors open and she and some of the other girls get off, the mouse heading off for a favored bistro. The Cafe Duchamp was a staple of the mouse's mornings, Millie commonly stopping in for a coffee and a pastry to go. But now that she has some time to wait, she could really sit down and enjoy a good breakfast. She takes one of the outdoor tables, the mouse deciding on an espresso and a pan au chocolalat. As she waits for her order, she turns and people watches for a while. Most of the girls she sees seem to be on their way to work. A few can be seen taking their pets out for a morning walk, and the odd one or two stop in for a coffee after a long night shift. Her meal comes and Millie takes her time eating, savoring every bite of the sweet chocolate pastry and every drop of her strong coffee. With everything gone, she wipes her mouth with the napkin, pays for her meal, and hits the sidewalk, walking on towards the distribution center a few blocks away. She'd figured that enough time had passed now, and even if it hadn't it was still close enough that she could spend some time bullshitting with Elena until they were ready. Walking in, she immediately spots the green dragoness sitting behind the desk, a grin crossing Elena's face. "Mils, I heard you were supposed to be on vacation," she says, the mouse walking forward and leaning on the desk. "What can I say," Millie teases back, "You just can't keep me away from this place." Elena begins to bring up the order on her terminal, Millie resting her head on her arms. "It was kind of fun for a few days, but once I got past the weekend..." she says, "I don't know, they seemed more or less resigned to it, I guess. Takes some of the fun out of it if they aren't begging for their pathetic lives or screaming in horror and terror. So I got rid of my stock and headed out for a couple of days to try and pick up some new toys." The dragoness looks up, a bit surprised. "Y'know," she says, "You could have just as easily sold them on the used toy market. Probably would have brought in a fair bit, especially if they were as beaten down as you say they were." She just waves off the idea. "Where's the fun in that?" she asks, picking her head up from her arms, "I mean, yeah, there'd have been the financial reward, but seeing them scamper around the kitchen and living room, desperate for a place to hide and begging to be spared? That was worth even more than they would have brought in." The dragoness just sits there, looking at her for a moment. "What?" Millie asks, "It's not like their lives are worth it." Elena lets out a chuckle, a chime serving as notice that the last of the formulas had been synthesized. "Girl, remind me to never get on your bad side," she jokes, Millie laughing along with her. "As if you ever could," the mouse replies. "Jeez, did someone catch a whole reb army or something?" Ezri was one of the lab techs Millie was...passingly familiar with. The coyote gal was just a little bit taller than the mouse, and was often tasked to set up the experimental formulae for the mouse to test on the subjects. She rounds the corner and sees Millie leaning there on the desk. "Oh, that explains it," she says, "I

saw your social posts, nice haul you came across." The mouse gives her a slightly sheepish grin. "Well, it was partly luck," she says, "They were all hiding out in an old world missile silo, if you can believe that." "Must've been a pain in the ass to get them all out of there," Elena says as Ezri brings over the box, setting it on the desk. "Nah, nah," the mouse replies, "That was the easy part. They were all in the control center. All I had to do was dig it up out of the ground and carry it home." The dragoness taps a few keys, authorizing the release of the kits, Millie signing and pressing her thumb to the scanner. "Well, let us know if you want a hand training them," Ezri says, "Elena and I'd be happy to drop by over the weekend." The mouse just smiles, tucking the box under her arm. "In your dreams, girls~" she says, heading back out the door. It was still early in the day. Millie could, if she'd wanted, go for a walk in the park, or maybe just wander around downtown for a little bit. But no, she headed straight for the nearest metro station, eager to get home and start modding her new batch of toys. Boarding, she sets the box on the seat next to her, the mouse leaning forward with her elbows on her thighs, tapping her foot excitedly. "Well, someone's eager to get where they're going," one of her fellow passengers says, Millie looking up to see the bunny girl sitting across from her. "Mm-hm," she replies, "Just picked up a load of mods for my new batch of wild caught toys, gonna spend the rest of the week getting them trained." "Oh, a DIY-er, eh?" the rabbit says, "I always preferred to send mine in for training and alterations. They always just come back so well trained and obedient, I don't know how those girls do it." A sly smirk crosses Millie's lips. She knew exactly how, being one of the girls who did it. The conversation moves on, Millie and the rabbit talking about this and that, upcoming sporting events and the weather and all the usual small talk topics. The pre-recorded voice announces Millie's stop up next, the mouse setting her box of at-home mods on her lap. "This is me," she says as the train pulls into the station, "Have a good one." The bunny girl nods. "You too, hon," she says as Millie gets up, "And good luck with modding your toys." As soon as the doors open, the mouse rushes off, bounding down the stairs past a handful of other girls. It was, after all, still a weekday, most people at work. In a way, she thinks, So am I. Vacations were traditionally a leisurely affair, but Millie's had been anything but. Full of action and adventure, the mouse had defied the odds and won a massive game of hide-and-seek. Whenever girls went out into the wilds, the odds of turning up something, anything, were never really in their favor. There were too many hiding spots, too many crumbling old buildings and dark crevices to check every single one. On average, hunting parties turned up a handful of wild caught toys, and that was with three or four girls scouring over scouted areas. Millie knew that she'd managed to get insanely lucky, casino jackpot lucky, by finding so many hiding out in one convenient to carry place. She opens up the door to her apartment and is hit with a sudden wave of vertigo, having to lean against the kitchen's half counter for a moment as she recovers. Strangely, that same familiar scent wafts up into her nose at the same time. Her ears flop as she shakes it off, the mouse

panting there for a moment. Soon back to normal, she begins to unpack the box. Just as she'd ordered, there were twenty-one vials of the One-Size-Fits-All, seven of Estruizer, six of Scent Sniffer, five of Last Breath and an equal number of canisters of Hard-On Spray, four of Phoenix Hell and MPreg-Mate, three of Cummy Dummy, Dumb Animal, and three sets of Lim-B-Gone sleeves, and two vials of Chef Sin's Special Spices. With everything unpacked, she loads up a vial of One-Size-Fits-All, going through her new toys one by one giving them the injections and letting them take hold, their bodies becoming infinitely more stretchy. Of course, she'd have to make sure that each and every one of them could take her girth, a task made even sweeter by the way they begged as she pulled them from their cages, the way the howled and screamed as their new bodies were put to the stress test by the monstrous mouse's member. Each and every one of them passed the test with flying colors, the vials working just as advertised. With the universal alteration applied to her new little playthings, she sets about organizing the rest of her enhancements. On Thursday, just before starting to give her toys their individualized alterations, it suddenly dawns on the mouse that she'd forgotten something. Using one injector was well and good when every toy is getting the same shot, but once you start switching things up, you need to clean it out between toys to avoid cross-contamination. She calls up the distribution center, once again hearing Elena's voice over the line. "Heeeey, Elena," she says sweetly, the dragoness blurting out a surprised, "Oh, fuck me, don't tell me you went out and caught more." Millie can't help but give a chuckle at that. "No, no, nothing like that," she says, "No, I just realized I forgot something. I need some vials of distilled water to clean out the injector between shots." "Oh, is that all?" the dragoness asks, "No need to drop by, I can have one of the girls swing by your place and drop them off. She's gonna be out your way anyway making a delivery. Should only be about an hour or so." A smile crosses Millie's face. "Thanks Elena, I owe you one," she says, "Tell you what, I'll take a little break from training them Saturday night, take you out for a beer." The dragoness chuckles. "You just want to watch the game with someone who's as big a hockey fanatic as you are," she teases, "But that sounds good." "Thanks again, Elena," Millie says, "I'll talk to you later." True to her word, about an hour later there's a knock at Millie's door. Opening it, she's greeted with the midriff of a huge squirrel. "Millie Kessel?" she asks, "Package for you from the distribution center. Sign here, please." She hands Millie the signature tablet, the mouse scrawling her name with the stylus. "Here you go," she says, handing over the box as Millie hands back the pad, "With Elena's compliments." The squirrel heads off, Millie taking the box of water vials in and setting it down on the coffee table. Out of all of the toys she was going to be altering, there were three in particular that she was saving, three that she wanted to savor. One by one she goes through her new supply of toys, making sure each and every one of them is properly altered. One by one they're brought back to their cages, the next lucky toy in line pulled out for their shots. And then, she was down to the three. The last few toys, the ones that she'd been saving, the ones that were too good to pass by quickly. The first of this group was

the rat that she'd caught, Millie feeling his tail flick wildly between her ring and pinky fingers. "C-c'mon, lemme go," he whines, "We...we're both rodents here, give a guy a break, wouldya?" She lets out a mirthless chuckle as she sits down with him clenched in her hand. "Oh, but I am giving you a break," she says, loading one of the vials into the injector, "Because you're going to bear so many litters of new toys for me...and you're going to love it, going to beg me to knock you up over and over and over~" She presses the injector to his belly, a slight hiss accompanying the warm feeling spreading through him, the rat's ears blushing a deep pink. He begins to pant, his body feeling like it's on fire as his pathetic cock twitches and throbs. "Fffffuck," he groans, "Oh, fuck, breed me! I need to be fucked, to be your little cumdump!" A grin crosses her face. "All in due time, slut," she says, loading up the next vial, "All in due time." She presses the injector to his belly again, this particular serum making the rat nice and fertile for her. "Mnnn, I'm gonna pump so many babies into you," she says, "So many new little toys to be sold off...or dropped into my jaws for a midnight snack~" He lets out an audible whine, his eyes glued to her cock as she holds him in her hand. The rat shudders as he thinks about his mistress jamming him on there, pumping him up and down, using him like a living pocket pussy and filling him up to near bursting with her seed. But then she gets up. Millie walks back over to the cages, putting him away and opening the cage of the next lucky contestant. The rat grabs onto the bars, resting his head against the cold steel and letting out another pitiful whimper. The jackal was next, Millie having picked out something special for him, a deep seated act of revenge going back well past T-Day. As she picks him up, the mouse begins to reminisce. Back to the weeks following her eighteenth birthday. Sneaking out to go to the punk show. Getting mugged as she left. The fear she felt as he held the knife to her throat, not knowing if she was going to make it home that night. She'd admit, she had been tempted to just end him the moment she pulled him from the concrete bunker. But that would have been too quick. He was going to suffer. With calm, wordless fury she flushes the injector with distilled water, then changes vials and presses it to his midsection. It gives that same familiar click and hiss, the sign of a successful injection. Suddenly his mouth felt almost unbearably dry, the jackal craning his head to try and get a look at her balls. Millie's thumb puts him back in his place, pushing on his chest and keeping him pinned there. Next were the sleeves, slid up and over his arms and legs, the limbs disappearing as the ring tightened around the new stumps. He was completely and utterly helpless in her grasp, a wriggling worm-jackal, given no choice but to squirm along the floor of his cage if he wanted to calm the painful cravings inside, to drink deep of his owner's seed. As she'd done with the rat, Millie gets up from the couch and returns him to his cage, the mouse taking the extra step of putting him as far away from the cum trough as space would permit. She felt a weight lift off of her shoulders, as though taking her revenge

had lightened even the memory of the event. Only one more toy left to alter, the one she'd been deliberately saving for last. The sheep bleats at her as she opens the shared cell, Millie pushing him away with a finger before grabbing up the well-spoken husky, pulling him out and snapping the door shut. Even now he was trying to negotiate with her, despite Millie making her position quite clear when she put her new toys away. "I...I don't suppose that you've reconsidered a deal, have you?" he says, hope springing ever eternal, "If you let me go back at the edge of the wood, I'll bring back more for you!" If she was having even the slightest pangs of guilt about what she was about to do to him, they evaporated in an instant. Fucking Quisling, she thinks, not believing for a second that he'd hold true to any deal that saw him out of her grasp. She flushes the injector once more, then loads up a vial, pressing it to his middle and pressing the button. Almost instantly, his sensitive canine nose began to twitch, his breath getting heavier as the mouse's scent flooded his nostrils even at a distance. "Wh...what did you just inject me with?" he asks as Millie loads the next vial, the mouse chuckling softly. "Oh, don't worry about it," she says, "In fact, you won't have to worry about anything ever again~" Another injection, his eyes going wide and then beginning to dull. His thoughts were cloudy, his eloquence fleeing as the serum took effect. In mere moments his vocabulary was reduced to a series of whimpers and whines, growls and barks, the husky's brain holding onto only his desire to serve his mistress, to do as she says, to be a good boy that she might reward him by letting him drink deep the scents and pheromones of her musk. "There now, isn't that better?" she teases, "No more thoughts in that tiny little head of yours, no more ideas about 'freedom' and 'dignity' and 'rights'. Just the instinct to obey like a good dog." She takes him back to the cages, putting him with the equally animalistic sheep. Training them all would take time, but it would be well worth it. The mouse took a step back and admired her collection. Even now, before being properly trained, they had been chemically bent to her will. Even if it took her all day to do it. She stretches, a glance at the clock telling her it was almost Friday already. She'd been coming up on the tail end of her vacation now, the time well spent. She'd spend the weekend breaking in her new toys, training them just right. Then on Monday it'd be back to work as usual. Sunday night saw her on the couch, something on the TV in the background, some sitcom or some such, more background noise for the mouse than anything actually engaging. Over in the cages, the three she'd given MPreg-Mate shots were already caressing their gravid bellies, each one well fucked to make sure they'd pop out a litter in a few days. Her giraffe's neck was stretched near paper thin around her cock, his mods keeping him nice and conscious for the ordeal, eager for his belly bloating reward. The jaguar in her mouth tasted like cinnamon apple, Millie idly chewing him like a piece of gum, his body able to take it. And beneath her heavy, musky balls, the husky who had tried to free all of them was furiously wagging his tail, excited to be so near to his mistress's scent.

It was starting to get late. Time to wrap up her fun for the night to grab a shower before bed. She wraps her hand around the giraffe's neck, his wet throat making the heavy, pounding thrusts easy as she inches herself towards orgasm. As she gets closer, the jaguar slips between her gum and her cheek, the mouse softly panting before those balls draw up tight to her body, flooding her cocksleeve and bloating his body like a water balloon. He'd barely fit back in his cage, but she could safely turn off his feeding trough for the next few days. She pulls him off with a wet schlrrrk before plucking the jaguar from her mouth and retrieving the husky from her taint. Her toys back in their places, she stretches and heads for the bathroom, grabbing a towel along the way. As she waited for the water to warm, Millie couldn't help but wonder just what kind of goings on she'd missed at work in the last week. She doubted it was anything terribly exciting, but still. She steps in the water, soaking down her fur and...there was that smell again. It was so familiar, but she just couldn't quite place it. Almost as soon as she shrugs it off, something new catches her notice. She reaches up for the detachable shower head to wet her hair...was...was it always mounted this low? Millie shrugs it off, figuring that her mind was just playing tricks on her. Freshly showered, dried, and combed down, Millie heads for the bedroom, the mouse getting herself cozy beneath the covers, her ears brushing up against the headboard as she lays down. It'd been a fun, eventful week for the mouse, full of adventure. Now though, it was back to the everyday grind. Which, admittedly, Millie was looking forward to. Adventure is fine, but there is something to be said for a solid everyday routine. She closes her eyes, a peaceful grin on her face as she slips into slumber, ready for the work week to begin.
