Natasha bustled around her bar, checking to make sure all of her final inspections were complete. She had the drinks, the music was starting to work up,and a few people were expectantly waiting at the front door. She moved around, plucking a few of the toys up to closely inspect them. She moved throughout the establishment to each staff member, ensuring that they hadn’t ruined their makeup before the doors opened.

“Go put this one in the back room and use concealer.” She shook her head, lips tugging into a scowl, if it wasn't for her attention to detail none of these toys would ever look ready for opening. “His face already has nut bruises all over it!” She hissed, pushing the flailing male into another girl's hands, glowering at her. “Do it quickly now! If you need to get off, use one of the ones in the back for staff!” She stomped off, inspecting over each and every section of her night club.Adjusting her dress, she then moved behind the bar. Pulling up the hem to glare down at the toy that was knotted on her, dangling with her semi hard horse cock, twitching around the meat.

“And you better behave too, I swear, if you keep twitching and get me hard on opening night, I’ll put you back in the ‘break and buy it’ cages!” her voice spat angrily at the red panda that had a dildo plug shoved into his ass. This would block the flow from her horse dick knotted to his muzzle and ensure he didn’t sully the floors with his mess. His body utterly stretched with her, even as her knot kept gleefully throbbing, keeping him fully attached to her by virtue of that girthy wad of meat. His form showed her log of meat through his fur, shifting and twitching with her heartbeat. Each twitch and throb driving the toy’s body to writhe from the sheer power of her heartbeat, slamming through him without mercy or a second thought.

A heavy sigh passed her lips, as her fingers let the dress fall again, hiding that knotted cock sock that could barely be recognized as a red panda. Her glowing red hues shifted over each bottle,moving to and fro, not even noticing the body of the Red Panda. His slender frame slapping against her thigh, her legs bullying him, a captive audience on her large hanging girth. He’d be taking the pleasurable abuse all evening as she moved around her establishment.

Going out from behind the bar, she walked over to the main doors, her mind already away from the dominated cock sock who was hanging by his jaws behind her knot. Opening the doors, a smile graced Natasha’s lips, her gaze sliding over the other ladies in line, most of them holding complimentary toys in their hands or shoved deep on their turgid lengths. Many throbbing them full, reduced to moaning condoms just to make the wait bearable for the eager ladies.

“Welcome one and all! To the Red Room!” She smiled, stepping up next to the female Bear bouncer. Not nearly as tall as her at sixteen feet, the very doors of her establishment looked more like a castle gate just so they could fit the sheer size of the possible clientele and the African Wild Dog woman herself.

She ushers the first group in herself, her heavy paw steps making the reinforced floor creak dangerously as the hard clack of her heels hitting the floor resonate enough to be noticeable past the music swelling in the background. Raising an arm to the group of girls, Natasha motioned. “We have, of course, every need and urge you could wish for here at the Red Room. Any kink you have, you’ll find a place for it here. Rental toys, training aids for your own at home, and a small charge for any toys you break while you search for your pleasures! Enjoy the dance floor, and don’t forget, you can find any of my employee’s to lead you where you wish to enjoy, at any time!”

She sweeps out her hands, even dwarfing most of the women of various species as she grins down. “And of course, please make sure to grab a wristband to show if you are interested in your fellow ladies too. Any personal toys get a red waistband, to show their off limits. Green is for toys anyone can use, but we do not pay for your own toys being broken at our establishment!”

The assorted women moved off to different areas, an eager rush over taking them. A small grin crept across the Wild Dog’s lips as she went back behind the bar. Each step that same sensation of her cock slapping her thighs barely wrapped in panda. The only pain about her transformation was just how big her new dick was. She didn’t mind the heavy curves, but that meat between her legs made it hard to dress as cute as she vaguely remembered. She could barely recall what it had felt like to burst out of her clothes that first day, so long ago, and it felt as if she’d kept more of herself than others.

But when she got horny, when that horse length got up between her legs, it was hard to think past the sheer need,regardless of the fit of the toy now. It was hard to recall when she’d been so gentle before the change. But she didn’t mind the pleasure of what it felt like to turn a boy into a condom, something she’d never even dreamed before was now enough to make her tail wag and her mouth water.

She drew in a deep breath through her nostrils, cutting off that thought that caused her cock to throb. The cock sock being worn by her slaping noisily into her thigh and knee, she sighed and rolled her eyes. Honestly, being this hung was almost more trouble than it was worth, when she had things to do. Perhaps it was a blessing she had such cock socks to keep her girth barely contained when there was work to be done.

The massive Matron surrendered the bar to another employee, a large well dressed vixen, as she hummed, eyes on the patrons to her bar. Watching one woman snatch up one of the many toys tied up for use. Ankles behind his head, hands forced to his paws, while her hand was easily large enough to wrap around his waist, before he was casually slammed down on her length, a bulge in his body filling up from his well lubed hole to nearly his chest, as each throb of her cock was visible through his gut.

Moving to her personal table she chuckled, taking a seat and her nightly drink that a staff member had already prepared for her. Friends moved in as they usually did and she was engaged in vigorous conversation, her hand idly fully seating her cock sleeve on her like an unconscious thought. His face knocked up against the bottom of the table until she pushed her length against him to get the eager toy back in his place. Each twitch of her cock spilling pre deep into his body that slowly swelled with her excitement.

Natasha smirked, finishing her conversations and waving a good night to her friends before she walked off. This was just the seating around the bar, of course, as she walked where dozens of massive girls danced, drinking and grinding on each other and boys trapped between their bodies. Gyrating to the blasting music that overwhelmed the voices of each toy in the mix.

If you were standing there as one of those boys, you’d see legs surrounding you. Paws and hooves slamming down on all sides of you, each thigh thicker than your own upper torso. If you were lucky, you may be face to face with cock that towered larger than you, but to most of the girls you may be near were barely thigh height, perhaps less. The press of bodies and hands each intent on playing with you, all in between the dizzying cacophony of grinding and dancing on each other, a suffocating field of horny women.

Thighs and hips crashing into each other, sometimes catching you and your body between them. Pressing upon you the power of their bodies enhanced by their buzzed or drunk state. Too barely cognizant to care for the fact your chest has its oxygen squeezed out between their eager forms, just a bit of friction between two unstoppable girls. Your hand might stretch out to reach for an imagined end of the dance floor.

Natasha mused about what that view might be for those on the dance floor, before she moved over to the second bar to the side. Serving up food, each with a dash of micros, if requested. Patrons sitting across from each other, obviously flirting with an attached toy at the bottom of the table, filled with frotting girl cock that stretches them out from both sides. The two women shift their hips even as they swallow down screaming micros with each bite of their food. Continuing to stare, a bit entranced in all the bar’s activities, she watches one of the patrons drop several into her drink before she chugs them down in one swift go.

Happy patrons were well paying patrons, money flew across the counters to exchange for micro coated sweets and drinks. Writhing bodies sluggishly twitching against the restraints of meals and garnishes only to be swept away to their eventual resting places in stomachs. Natasha couldn’t help but snag one off of the table, a quick flick and they were resting on her tongue. Wriggling in panic? Fear? Perhaps both.

She could never really tell, but a quick gulp and her mouth was empty, and a squirming bulge was heading for her stomach. That always made her perk up over a day, a living snack was an appropriate award for her hard work. She turned, her length bouncing between both of her legs as she stood with her paws a little closer, the droop of her pre-drool in her living condom starting to gather weight noticeable to the large woman.

She couldn’t help but peek under her dress, as she snuck out behind the bar. Lifting the hem of

a giggle bubbled up from her lips, seeing the bloated, full gut of the red panda swollen with her cock’s drool. She could see her dick throbbing in him as it idly leaked into him, and would continue to drain her nut into his body for a few hours. She couldn’t help but reach down and pat his cheek. Feeling her still swollen knot of meat keeping him well locked onto her horse cock.

“Keep it up cocksock. You might actually get used more often with how well you're holding it all in!” She cheered at him, grinning down as his groans of the pressure building in him made her shiver. “It's your own damn fault if you get me hard again you know.” She huffed, as she dropped her dress back down, moving back out to the club. On her way she aided two customers find their way to the BDSM room under the stage.

Leading the two girls, she couldn’t help but sashay a bit. Biting her lip slightly as she feels each step slap her cocksock into her walking thighs, buffeting it hard enough to bounce into her dress. The sounds growing more audible as she headed down into the dungeon, the meaty sound of flesh on flesh bouncing off the walls and growing even louder than the music above. The foundation was made of a locally sourced and strong stone meant to keep up with the weight of her and her patrons upstairs. Leading the ocelot and quoll girls over to the latex bound toys she gestured to all the pleasures and delights that they would perhaps, be interested in.

Kept within sensory deprivation, toys shifted and squirmed feeling the reverberations of each woman’s steps. Every one, ring gagged with an insert hole over their tightly wrapped bodies. Helpless to whatever depraved idea each woman had. Some playing with hot brands, others with body mods to buy and take home. A custom toy shop that would allow you to choose every little detail about your new toy, and even try out said toys for rental to see what you enjoyed.

Natasha smirked hautly as she felt her length throb hard, leaning over to a customer that seemed to be looking intently at one of her shop's specialties. “Oh, I suggest the feminine build and the artificial womb quite highly. It always feels good to knock up a toy.” She purred, loud enough for her cock sock to hear. She could tell by how it twitched and struggled more when she voiced thoughts like that, it was particularly afraid of getting that treatment.

“Don’t worry, if you pass your turn, you’ll get it too~” She said, more down into her breasts to let the sound carry to her sock. She turned to see a cougress, red and orange, lustfully slamming a toy so hard her barbs were visible through the latex with each thrust. Her teeth bared as drool slid down her jowls, her nostrils flared in pleasure.

Even fisting a half drunk bottle of hard liquor, each slam of her hips making dull crunching noises as the cougar clearly had no care about breaking a toy. Idly she slammed her knot in, groaning in a low moan as she unloaded enough spunk to fully make the toy go deathly still after a long minutes worth of twitching throbs expanding out his gut.

The cougress tossed a passing glance down at the toy before shrugging and finishing the bottle of liquor. Moving away from the table she’d had the toy propped on, she paid the tab for both the drink and the toy. Walking up and out of the room with her tail swinging back and forth as she swayed up the stairs, possibly for another drink and less broken toy. Yanking the broken toy back off her half hard length and dropping it in the trash can for more rough customers.

Natasha huffed, looking around proudly at all the carnal delight that her establishment was bringing to her patrons. The sudden feeling of her length twitching more from the bevy of sights and smells going on in her club. Natasha shook her head idly and toyed with her long curly hair, tugging it over one shoulder as she moved up to her bedroom above the club. Pulling off her dress, speckled sweat dripping from the heat of the many bodies packed into the club. Looking over the dress she was sure she could even see the stain of sweat from her toy down the front. She gazed down at the toy on her dick, seeing how wet his face was from her own body’s drippings.

“Oh my god, you’ve been getting nut sacked all night, and smelling ball sweat haven’t you?” She leers down at that messy red panda face, gut bloated with her cocks run off. “Good. Means a little bitch like you can learn your proper place, huh? You should get used to seeing the bottom of my nuts~ After all this is all you men are really good for anyways.” Ignoring him for a few more moments, her fingers slide about her hips and move up to her breasts. Inspecting herself idly in the mirror as she ignored the toys twitching and quivering. Finally as he stopped squirming she tugged him free of her knot with a wet POP. Giving a slow sigh, she pulled him half way before she let her cock sock drop to the floor with a dull sloshy thud. The thick throbbing, getting harder, starting to lift itself as she looked about the room. With a bit of a laugh, she remembered that all her personal toys were away at the moment aside from her little cock plug panting on the ground. Leaning over, she loomed above him, plucking his tiny frame up.

Dragging his moaning face up from the bottom of her balls, past every inch, every ridge and vein in her cock. She shivered, feeling how weak he was from her thighs beating him up all day, and her log of horse meat draining into him for hours. “Fuck, I’m gonna reform your jaw for my damn knot~” She breathed out, almost panting at how hard she was, her heavy balls stretching the skin of her sack with how very pent up they felt. Watching all those other ladies getting to have fun for most of the night had filled her mind with quite a few fantasies of her own. With ease, and one hand, she flipped the red panda who barely had time to react before she SLAMS his lips down on her widened flare.

Feeling and hearing the cock stretch out his mouth and throat from the sheer force she used to fit herself into her slightly used toy. Groaning out as she leaned her head back, eyes closing in bliss as she forced those lips down that spire. Her hands threading tightly through his sweat soaked soft red fur. Each inch he swallows making the already full gut more pressured and round, her length steadily streaming new gushes of pre into already full guts. This time she shoved him all the way down. Her other hand clenching on the other side of her toy to ensure it fits all the way in.

Gasping out, she shifts back in her bed, which creaks ominously. Her hands worked up and down at a frenetic pace. Each time she slams to the bottom, that red panda face catching her nuts swinging up to clap over his features. Her panting was almost as loud as the sound of the

boy toy face being brutally face fucked into a horse dick that more resembled a telephone pole than any actual dick. Wet vacuum “Glrks” from just how much her cock was displacing inside that red panda filled the room.

As each stroke was as fast and as eager as if he was made out of silicon, not flesh and blood. His lips and muzzle pounding into the knot harder than steel,eager to fill that muzzle with knot, and tie him to her crotch much like it had been a few hours ago. This time permanently stretching those lips of its intended tying with enough force to audibly pop half of her knot into that slutty toy mouth as she pulled back. Taking a deep breath and slamming her hips up as her hands pounded down on her lap. With a horrid wet sloppy pop, the rest of her knot fit right back in the jaws it had been occupying before.

A loud throaty moan roared from within her, her balls swinging up, clenching against her body and trapping the boy toy's nose in the musky spot between her sheath and her nuts. Feeling each clench of her spunk filled nuts pass the already almost too thick pre out of her length. The flare spread inside his body, before that log twitched so hard it made his spine straighten out. Her head lolled back, as every inch buried in him throbbed, the nut sludge going from the base of her dick, where his lips were half buried in her sheath, to pass lighting quick into his guts.

Firing so hard it made a wet slap against his organs inside him, each throb of her dick ushered for another wad that felt like gallons. His stomach and gut swelling out quickly as each slam of cum felt as large as the last. So much, so fast that it made the toys head spin, losing consciousness from the sheer swell of being used as a living condom, arms and legs falling limp, mere moments before his vision started to swim. Seeing stars as his throat weakly twitched for air around the cock, nuts and sheath too much to let even a single gasp of air around it while she was getting off.

Moments before the need to breathe became too much, and the toy lost consciousness, another large flood of cum in the next throb forced his guts too full of cum. That anal plug shooting out with a geyser load of cum, its gaped asshole letting it flood out over his own untouched length and nuts, drooling down his entire body to gunk and roll over his face.

His last moments awake were nothing more than the utter stench of cum flooding over his features after it had been passed through his entire body, from mouth to ass using nothing more than simple fluid pressure of her cock. Natasha, having came for a few minutes, gasped, moaning loudly as she barely noticed the knocked out toy on her dick, other than the mess of her spunk over the room. Growling, she threw her heel at the closet door.

“Come in here and lick up this mess!” She hissed in the direction of the rooms door, before two well trained toys scurried out, diving onto the floor and lapping up her still steaming cum from the hardwood with practiced gulps.

Standing up after a few moments, she looked at the sluty toy knotted face first to her cock limply, arms and legs hanging as his ass drooled her load like a faucet someone had forgotten to turn off. She bit her lip, as she snapped a finger at one of the clean up toys. Having them fetch her plug, with not even a hint of mercy she slammed it back in, stopping up the leak of her cock sock.

Basking in her afterglow, she looked down at the twitching mess she’d left her new sock in, just from one full use. “Ha, you look adorable stretched on my cock, too bad for you I’m going back down to the club. After all, the night is still young.” She strode out of her room, nude, with that toy slowly regaining consciousness, bouncing with her every step, she had a new toy to go show off, and maybe even share it with a few eager women downstairs.~