The guns went silent as the airfield burned. The runway was choked with fire and the wreckage of c-130 transport planes. No doubt, the Army was making a last ditch effort to escape with what little of their remaining forces and equipment they had. Where exactly? Well... That didn't really matter anymore. Without any planes and with all their jets out of commission, the remaining Commonwealth soldiers were now trapped in their airbase, surrounded on all sides by the giants. All that was required now was to take their position and destroy the last active holdout in the region. Something many of the giantesses in the unit considered to be a grand accomplishment. Throughout the day, the Commonwealth Air force had launched a brutal air campaign against them. Bombing everything and launching missile strikes against anyone who dared to step out of cover. The attack at Elkins had been delayed by the jet fighters from Sherman Air base and even when the transformation gas was deployed on the city, the men fought back ferociously. Many giantesses fell in the battle, having been torn apart by machine gun fire or blown to bits by jets as they strafed the streets and incinerated everything with cluster bombs. Now, those that had escaped their fate at Elkins and the bastards who had been bombing them all day had been driven into a corner. Their hope lasted only so long as their jets still had fuel and ammunition. Now, they had dug out a network of trenches and erected sandbag barricades which they hid behind. Maxine snorted at the thought of the toys hiding in their trenches and holes like the insects they were, hoping it would save them. No. Nothing could save them from the wrath of their betters. For the giantesses, their revenge was at hand.

Rivera, a tigress who had been put in charge of the team's artillery, steadied her binoculars as she held up a hand, causing the mortar teams to pause as she smiled at their handywork. "Good job ladies! No more running for those fuckers! We've got them cornered now!" She then turned to Maxine and nodded, allowing the wolf to take center stage. The wolfess curled her lips into a smile. The thought of achieving the final victory of the males was something she had dreamed of for months now. All the planning, the subterfuge and the preparations were all going to pay off today, as they wiped the last of the Commonwealth off the face of the planet. Then, she started to laugh. It was deep, husky, and maniacal. So loud that it would have been enough for the defenders in the trenches to hear her. She then reached for the whistle around her neck and smiled at her comrades. "Get ready to take charge ladies! And take any golden retrievers for me to tear apart personally." The giantesses cheered and immediately, many of them stepped forward, many of them struggled against makeshift restraints. They were feral, mad, raving beasts, the women that didn't exactly take too well to Sin's formula. Held on leashes made of chains and industrial strength cargo straps, the ferals strained to break free and charge for the enemy as the scent of toys was carried to them by the wind. Their muscular bodies glistened in the moonlight as they savagely growled and barked. Pressing the whistle up to her lips, Maxine blew it and let out a shrill signal to the giantesses that only meant one thing. Attack! The feral women were released. The mindless, slobbering beasts charged without fear or hesitation towards the lines of defenders. As they approached closer, the ground erupted into flames. Massive explosions rocked the trees, tore the earth open and shook the bones of the giantesses as they advanced. It was as if hell itself had split the earth open to claim them. Many of the ferals were almost

incinerated in an instant... Almost. Those that weren't killed in the initial blast continued forward, carried on by their momentum, rage and lust even as napalm stuck to their skin and burned them alive. Then, the trench line erupted into a show of light. Red and green tracers rounds soared over the land, slamming into the bodies of the giantesses. Some fell over as their bullet riddled corpses gave out but for most, the bullets posed little to no threat as they harmlessly bounced off makeshift armor and thick skin. No, the true threat came from the toys in armored vehicles, and those with shoulder launched anti-tank weapons. Missiles streaked into their ranks and hit a few of the giantesses. Their bodies were blown apart as the rockets, designed to destroy heavily armored tanks, tore through their bodies like tissue paper. APCs with massive 30mm chain guns tore big chunks out of the giantesses, ripping apart limbs and tearing their guts out. Tanks fired sabot rounds into the hoard, killing many as the depleted uranium tipped warheads pierced flesh and bone. However, it wasn't enough. It couldn't have been enough. Too slow and too few. Maxine winced at the carnage unfolding before her, watching her sisters being brutally torn apart by the enemy. However, it was all a necessary sacrifice. The price of victory that someone had to pay, no matter how much it hurt. Before, she was a security guard, working minimum wage for the corporation that would give birth to Sin's masterpiece. Every day has been hell. Her status and job degraded by men who lusted after her body. Despite the pain however, it was the best thing that had happened to her in a very long time. This body was powerful, capable of bending and crushing a person as if they were paper. A dick long enough to use people like a toy, with enough cum to pop some folks. But this would be the first time that she had control. She would never let them take her destiny from her again. Maxine laughed as the ferals finally began to penetrate the first line, with the weight of transformed women crushing broken vehicles and tanks that had been converted into stationary

turrets. The screams of those being torn to shreds or raped rang throughout the night. Turning to her second in command, she smiled wickedly, knowing what came next. "Are we ready to start advancing with them, Rivera?" Rivera smiled and raised her gun. Behind her, dozens of women cheered. There were the professional military units, individuals that had been hand picked by Sin to join the cause and equipped with form fitting clothing, armor, and equipment. The black latex suit on their bodies glistening in the moonlight under armor plates and gear pouches. They checked their rifles and guns, ready for the battle. Then, there were the conscripts, the giantesses who had eagerly joined the cause despite having no training. They had fashioned flags and sashes out of discarded cloth in show of their support to the cause, brandishing more rudimentary weapons like clubs or shields. Despite the fact they were rather unequipped compared to the professionals, they were far more dangerous than anything the Commonwealth could muster. Even if those girls were barehanded, they could outmatch just about anything the men had. The giantesses all cheered, whooped, and laughed in anticipation of the battle as fireballs blossomed along the trench lines where the defenders were. The tigress nodded and roared. "READY!" Maxine smiled as anticipation began to build within her body, with fantasies running through her mind on what they'll do with the last few survivors. Getting riled up within her black suit, a visible erection down her left thigh, struggling against her leg holster which contained a massive double stacked 1911 handgun. She blew into the whistle once more, signaling the second wave to start charging and storming the base. Everything in their way was clear. No guns or landmines. Just toys and women who didn't know the benefits of Sin's gift.

The soldiers of Sin's new world ducked out from behind the trees and ran at the remnants of the Commonwealth's last stand. A few points on the line, the ones that had managed to repel the initial attack and weren't busy trying to save their friends, fired at the attackers but it was a hopeless effort. A few sporadic streams of tracer fire were launched against them, only to be responded to by a hail of gunfire from the giantesses who easily overwhelmed them. A tank which had still been operating fired a tank shell into the attackers, one poor girl falling over as it breached her armor and hit her heart. Before the boys could reload however, two giantesses were on it. They hopped on top of the tank and ripped the turret off. The men inside screamed as they were torn from their vehicle and ripped apart limb by limb. Another group of defenders, a few male civilians armed with nothing but rusty shotguns and hunting rifles, did their best to take down a feral that fell into their trench, firing on the beast until it stopped moving. However, that did them little good as another giantess took their fallen sister's place, kicking the little men clear across the trench where a few conscripts grabbed them and eagerly began to tear their clothes off. As this was happening, Rivera charged towards a machine gun nest that was being manned by a lone soldier in a gas mask. They hurled insults and fired .50 caliber bullets at the giants. The tigress easily leapt over the stream of tracers and picked the soldier by the waist. The soldier in turn pulled out a pistol but before they could fire, Rivera crushed their chest in her grip. Blood poured between her fingers as the soldier went limp. A female badger with a gas mask screamed and ran towards the tigress shouting something. Her voice was muffled by her gas mask but it was clear she was trying to get Rivera to stop hurting the soldier. The tigress responded by kicking the woman, sending her body into a wall of the trench. A loud snap sounded out as the badger fell to the floor, gasping and twitching as she laid there, choking.

She hacked up a gob of blood into her clear gas mask, painting her pristine white fur red as her breaths became weaker and weaker. Rivera approached her, smirking at the traitor who believed she could stop a goddess like her with words alone. That was, until a child's voice cried out. "MOMMY!" Rivera froze in place as a small kit scrambled out of a nearby pill box, running towards the fallen badger and grabbing onto her arm. He screamed for her to get up, tears streamed down his face, his voice choked with sobs. The kit cried out for her again and again but received no response. There wasn't a point. She was dead. Maxine, who had been right on Rivera's tail, felt her heart sank as she saw the kit kneeling beside the badger. Her grip slipped from her pistol as she could only stand there and watch as the scene unfolded before her. Rivera lifted up the soldier's gasmask, revealing a female lynx's face. Blood dripped from her eyes, nose and mouth. The soldier's torso, despite being under a layer of protective clothing, resembled something of a crushed juice pouch. The tigress dropped the body and fell backwards against the trench, trembling as she watched the kit cling to his mother. Despite it all, Maxine couldn't force her body to do anything. For the last six months, ever since she burst out of her tube, all of her thinking had been clouded. Nothing could pierce the haze that obscured her mind. The violence, the devastation, the cries of panicking civilians, the carnage... Nothing had gotten through to her until now. She started to hyperventilate as she looked all around her at the nightmare unfolding before her eyes. The nightmare she had unleashed on these people. It was slowly becoming more.... Comprehensible as she began to really process what she was seeing.

A man who had been hiding behind his barricade put a pistol to his temple and shot himself as a giantess snatched him up. The conscript who grabbed him simply frowned and tossed his limp body to the side as she ran for another victim. A soldier roared as he charged at a giant, a bandoleer of grenades were wrapped around his chest as he lunged forward and clung to a giantess. There was a moment where she just barely managed to register what was happening before the two blew apart in a shower of gore. A dog screamed as two ferals grabbed him on either end, trying to snatch him from the other, only to rip him in half at the waist, entrails pouring onto the floor. In the fires of the battle, her own comrades looked like demons. The airfield looked like hell. Her eyes and face grew hot and wet, as tears began to well up and trickle down her cheeks. For the first time in months, she felt empathy, guilt, and the other nagging emotions she thought she would never have feel again. A giantess prepared to throw a grenade at an APC that was firing at them, only to be shot in the arm. Whether it was a toy's lucky shot or a friendly fire incident, the soldier failed to throw the grenade. Instead, it rolled out of her hand and into the trench right next to the kit. Rivera ran for the grenade, shouting for the boy to run. Maxine did so as well, attempting to jump on top of the boy so that she could shield him from the blast. However, they were too slow. The kit didn't move. He only hugged his mother tighter as the grenade detonated. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Maxine jolted awake in a cold sweat. Her entire body shook as she looked around, desperately trying to remember where she was, sucking in deep breaths as she tried to calm herself down. Her vision was covered in white and all she could hear was the sound of ruffling papers shifting in tandem with her own rapid heart beat. Moving her hands up to her face, tearing the sheets of paper that were stuck to her fur and stopped, letting her eyes adjust to the artificial light that bathed the room. It was

then that she realized she was in her office. She recognized a small glass case with a medal on the wall, a commendation she earned during the war. Her shiny thigh holster and service pistol hung from a nearby rack, polished and well worn. A small shelf full of reference and code books which had grown dusty sat in the corner of the room, looking sad and lonely. It suddenly dawned on her that she had stayed in the office overnight, having fallen asleep at her desk yet again. Letting out a sigh before closing her eyes. Another nightmare, another night. For a moment, she thought about going home and going back to sleep. Afterall, she didn't have any important meetings to attend to and for all they knew, she was just out on a run to the crime scene to look for new evidence. It wouldn't have been a complete stretch considering the fact she had made no progress in her case. If it was early enough, she could slip out and pretend like she was never there... That was until a knocking at her door broke her out of her thoughts. She looked to the wooden door to her office and quickly recomposed herself, smoothing out her frazzled hair and trying to unknot the clumps of fur on her face. She did her best to put up a natural smile that only ended up coming off as awkward at best as she cleared her throat. "Come in!" The door opened and a sharply dressed silver fox stepped in. Her most recent partner, Senior Agent Barksley, stood in the doorway of her office, huffing haughtily as she leaned against the entryway and crossed her arms. Maxine found herself mentally preparing herself for whatever scheme the Agent was about to give to her. Despite the fact Barksley was a Senior member of the agency, Maxine knew better than to trust the rank. "Have you figured out anything new about the most recent victim?" Maxine shook her head before suddenly slamming her hands onto the desk with a false joyous expression "Nope! Another goddamn dead end! It-"

"It doesn't matter." Barksley held up her phone, on it was a paused video of a news clip. The headline read, body found at Liberty point Memorial, fourteenth most recent victim in serial killer's spree. "We've got a new victim. Reported by Sanctuary Peacekeepers just two hours ago at Liberty Point Memorial. They've secured the scene and we're expected to go in and investigate." Maxine let out a low growl. "Damn it." Her partner nodded. " Not quite sure who it is right now, but I've got someone in records looking over the list of missing persons reported within the past month. With any luck after the autopsy, we'll figure out who this is by tonight." The wolfess sighed as Barksley walked over and rested her hands on her desk. "Look, I don't know about you, but we're running out of time here. Our careers are at stake and if we don't come up with someone to arrest, this whole department is going to get canned." As she said this, Barksley produced a cream colored folder from her jacket and held it to Maxine who took it. She didn't even need to take a look at the contents of the folder to know what Barksley was talking about as she threw it on the ground "We're not going to pin this on some random person because it's convenient for the politicians!" Barksley snorted and rolled her eyes. "Look, it's not like we have much of a choice now. If this killer is getting bolder, then we need to get someone for this or people are going to start freaking out." "And if the killings keep happening? What? Blame it on the next person and call them a copycat?"

"Well I don't see you coming up with a better plan." A smile crossed the vixen's face as she turned around. "Besides, director Ingram already approved of the proposal. As far as we're concerned, this is an extremist political movement by toy sympathizers who are attempting to undermine our system. Soon enough, we'll catch the one really responsible for the killings but for now, it's a convenient way for us to sweep a few undesirables under the rug. When you come to your senses, let me know. I'll be in my office." With that, Barksley stepped out of the room and slammed the door shut behind her. Maxine felt her face heat with rage as the urge to scream her lungs out took root. She growled before clearing the desk with her arms, knocking papers and writing implements onto the floor before she slumped down in the chair, resisting her oncoming migraine. More often than not, it was as if nothing had changed. In some cases, things were worse than before. Sure, the males were stubborn when it came to change and were arrogant but at least they knew what they were doing. Now those men are dead, along with all their experience and knowledge. Having worked for the Internal Security Agency's homicide wing for the better part of fourteen years now, Maxine had learned a few things about her fellow operatives and how things operated. One, they were just as corrupt, if not more so than their male predecessors when it came to matters of investigation like this. Two, the courts had very little regard for what the truth was, so long as those in power could keep their jobs and appearances. Last but not least, most of the investigators were thugs who could only be trusted with figuring out who forgot to put on a fresh pot of coffee in the break room. A serial killer investigation was something far more than they could possibly handle despite their department being created to investigate such matters. Murder was rare and even with the few cases when they occurred, surveillance within the city was extremely widespread. For most cases, simply tracking down a killer to their address was as simple as consulting the Sanctuary CCTV

system and typing in what it should track. Whoever this serial killer was however, knew how to circumvent the system. Maxine looked down at the mess of papers that cluttered her desk and the few that laid on the floor. Notes she had taken, autopsy reports, witness testimonies, and victim backgrounds. The case they had been looking into was one that had stumped the agency for the past year. Fourteen victims in total, all killed through extremely sadistic and violent methods. The killer, whoever she was, always burned their victims before hanging their bodies in a public place. It was obvious the killer had done their act in a discreet and private place and had to be a woman of decent size given the range of the victim's sizes and their strength. However, that led to two new problems. For one, how was a killer transporting these girls of varying sizes all around the city without anyone noticing. Two, how was she able to avoid the CCTV security systems? Then there was the motive as well, something linking the victims together. As far as she could tell, nothing related the victims together. No previous backgrounds, occupations, species... Even their beliefs had nothing in common. From the giantesses that preferred to truly treat their toys as pets to the ones that would use them by the dozen, they were all given the same treatment. Absolutely nothing connected them. Maxine shuddered as she mulled over a horrible thought that always lingered in the back of her mind. After T-day, the slate had been wiped clean for all females. It didn't matter where they came from or what they had done, they were all made powerful by the change. She knew that this included a great deal of already twisted individuals who didn't need Sin's gift to carry out their sick and twisted acts. People that had been locked up prior to the day and were released when they were exposed to the gas. Women that should have stayed locked up in the deepest, darkest hole that could be found and never allowed to see the light of day again. Some of these people were running around the city, doing as they pleased, their sadistic and anti-social behavior completely normal in this world.

She sighed and began to re-organize her documents again as she turned her computer on, and checked over a vast backlog of emails that never seemed to get shorter as she mentally prepared herself for what was to come next. Leaning back into her chair which creaked quietly under her weight, letting out a groan while the computer continued to load more emails, moving far enough for the chair to suddenly slip from beneath her. Letting out a yelp as she tried to grab onto the desk, with only three fingers hitting the edge. Groaning quietly while laying on the floor "Ow..." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Liberty Point was a special district in Sanctuary, located in what used to be Downtown Brightwater. Before T-day, it used to be choked with skyscrapers and financial institutions. The coastline was covered with shipping docks and train lines where commerce went to and from. The industrial area, both the old and new sectors, polluted the water and air, making the area possibly one of the most disgusting places to live, contrary to its name. It had been an important, if not the most important commercial center in the old world. After T-day, everything was leveled as disgruntled office workers and secretaries tore everything apart brick by brick. During the rebuilding, the businesses were moved further inland so that the prime coastal real estate could be turned into housing. By the time they were finished, the old commercial district had been turned into seaside condos and attractions. It was the perfect place to live and relax.... Assuming one could afford the steep prices. The Liberty Point memorial was located near the center of the district and built upon the foundation of the old Brightwater City hall in the middle of a huge garden. The reason why it had been built there was because it had been the spot where a counter attack by remnants of the Commonwealth military had been thwarted. During T-day, Commonwealth Marines, supported by

offshore artillery from a naval fleet had made a desperate attempt to secure a beachhead in the city's old industrial district. Nobody was really certain why they attacked the city and most assumed that it was some suicidal attempt to kill as many giants as they could. The toys got only as far as the city hall before members of Sin's army and a few hundred brave volunteers fought them back, throwing the toys back into the sea. It would only be a few days later when a Kaiju class giantess sunk the entire fleet, sending them all to the bottom of the ocean. The memorial was a black, obsidian obelisk with a plaque that was dedicated to the unnamed women who fought against male tyranny. Those whose names were lost but actions never forgotten. It was where Senator Koda, now Administrator Koda, gave her first speech in place of Senator Greenlay. It was where she brought them all together and united them following their loss. It was where she promised that they would have a place to mourn their fallen and thank those who gave their lives for the cause. Her words sounded more and more like a joke with each day as a new coat of graffiti defaced the memorial or someone christened it with a new puddle of cum and a used toy. Despite the city's best efforts to keep the memorial clean, they eventually gave up and just left it to rot as people kept vandalizing and chipping away at it to take home as souvenirs. Afterall, there were other things to spend taxpayer money on and maintaining the memorial was one of the last things they needed to do. Their arrival to the scene felt late. Unreasonably late. It was almost half past noon, when they pulled up to the scene and stepped out of their SUV. The scene was swarming with bystanders and news anchors who huddled around the police line, all of them trying to get a closer look at the scene. A small group of Peacekeepers held the crowd at bay from their line, sternly watching the crowd behind reflective aviators as their hands rested on the handles of their shock batons.

Despite the officialness of this whole charade, Maxine could tell these Peacekeepers were barely focused on their tasks as they waited for the morgue to collect the body. They really didn't care about the public image of their department or preserving the scene. One of the girls leaned against the barrier, her uniform unbuttoned as she blatantly let her cock and tits hang out. Another girl was busy fucking a toy, plowing the stupid little thing for everyone to see. She was completely unashamed and unphased by the fact there was a corpse no more than thirty feet away from her as she carried on like nothing was happening. Maxine wasn't entirely sure if the biological need for sex in a woman outranked everything or if this girl simply didn't care but it didn't matter. It was undignified and horrible. At the Obelisk itself, two peacekeepers stood over the body, writing down notes on a field autopsy report and took pictures with a cheap digital camera. Or rather, one of them was on their phone and talked to her partner who held the field autopsy form and camera. Maxine sighed as she slammed the car door shut and began to make her way through the crowd, pushing past them and approaching the line. One of the peacekeepers, a German Shepherd, held an arm up and eyed her with evident disdain. When the wolfess and vixen showed this dog their badges, the woman only snorted and stood to the side, allowing the two investigators to pass. As they walked to the two Peacekeepers that were investigating the body, it became clear that they had accomplished absolutely nothing. The autopsy form was blank given the fact neither of them had a pencil to write with and the camera still had the cover over the lens. The body laid on the floor of the memorial, covered with an emergency blanket from one of the squad cars the Peacekeepers arrived in. The two Peacekeepers turned their attention to the agents and gave them a pair of fake smiles. "Oh hi investigators! Glad you could make it! We've got this body right here, all ready for you to take a look at!" Barksley nodded and Maxine walked over to accept the items. The peacekeeper deposited the

camera and clipboard into her arms before she and her partner sat on a nearby bench. Maxine could only roll her eyes as she prepared to perform the field autopsy with Barksley who took the camera. As nice as it would have been to have the two far away from the body, it was probably best to just ignore them. Afterall, the two looked very young, like they had been born after the war. Their faces were vibrant and absent minded as they gossiped about whatever they were talking about. Barksley growled as she grabbed a corner of the blanket, looking at the body underneath. "Damn it, they cut the body down without taking pictures first or doing a preliminary search. We'll have to make a note of that in the report." Maxine hunched over and nodded, preparing the form as Barksley lifted the blanket. Glaring back over to the two peacekeepers once more, with her face pulling itself into a look of disgust. "Who the hell even touches a body before the investigators arrive?" What laid underneath the blanket was barely recognizable as a person. The entire corpse was almost completely blackened. They were covered with third degree burns and whatever wasn't still recognizable as flesh was completely charred. The poor woman's eye sockets were empty, her mouth was locked open in a perpetual, silent scream. Rows of discolored, cracked teeth were hidden under the melted lips. The only thing that wasn't burnt on this person was a rope which had been tied around their neck. The one they had been hung from the memorial with. Maxine wasn't sure how most girls were able to look at dead things so easily. Even for a veteran like herself, she still shivered at the sight of the grizzly bodies. Not like most of the younger girls who barely batted an eye at even the most mutilated corpse. Barksley muttered to herself. "We're not getting any evidence out of this. The whole thing is burnt to hell. The morgue is going to need to perform a CT on this and see if they can match it with someone's dental records and maybe estimate a time of death."

Barksley began to take a few pictures of the body, the little camera snapping and clicking with each one as she moved around to take a picture of every part of the body. Maxine on the other hand wrote down the obvious on the autopsy form, not before accidentally holding the entire thing upside down, looking around to see if anybody noticed before procuring a pen from her vest as she scribbled down the observation. Entire body was covered with third degree burns and a rope tied around the neck post mortem, no discernable marks. The entire time, Maxine felt like throwing up. She couldn't even look at the body, keeping her back to the body as Barksley preformed a though field autopse of the corpse. When it was done, she was glad to step away from it. She sighed and was about to ask the two officers if they searched the scene but decided against it, knowing they would either say no or ignore her. Thus, she decided to stand up and begin doing a once over of the crime scene. Something that was rather hard given the fact that the scene had definitely been tampered with and any useful evidence they could have relied on was no doubt lost. Maxine felt a migraine biting at the edges of her head as she tried to remain calm. Surely there had to be something that could help with her investigation. But there was nothing. Aside from bits of rubbish here and the occasional stain there, there was nothing at the scene that could have possibly aided in the investigation. Maxine brought a hand up to her head and rubbed her face with frustration, trying to quell the headache that raged on inside her brain. There just seemed to be no end to the constant parade of incompetence these days! Anything a girl couldn't beat up or fuck was just something they didn't care about. The agency had made little to no progress in the last few months in regards to tracking down a suspect. There was no way she would be able to do it in a week which meant they would have to fall back on Barksley's plan to pin this all on someone not even related to the killings. Maxine covered her face, and sat down on a nearby bench, sighing with resignation. This was what she had fought for.

She had sacrificed and bled for this new world order and this was what she got for her troubles. A world that was indifferent to everything but the pursuit of pleasure. Maxine felt her gaze wandering back to the memorial and felt nothing but disgust at the sight of the vandalized monument. Barksley walked over, her tail hanging low between her legs. "Come on, we tried our best. There's nothing we can do here. Let's get our reports printed down and then head to a bar. My treat." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The trendy, modern bar did nothing to alleviate Maxine's worries or headache as she continued to mull over the case in front of her. Not even the glass of brandy which she swirled around. The TV in the corner played on mute. A zebra news anchor mimed the words in the subtitles, her muzzle opening and closing like a gasping fish as an image of the memorial played in the background. They had managed to take videos and photos of the body when it was still hanging from the memorial, showing it off completely uncensored for the audience to see. Then, the news segment cut to a flashy, colorful commercial featuring a new line of cheap disposable fucktoys that were slightly more durable than the last ones. All the while, her partner nursed her third glass of wine as she casually plunged a toy down onto her rod. Maxine felt the same, nagging dissatisfaction biting at her again. Her partner had clearly given up trying to make any headway into the case despite what was at stake. She knew it wouldn't be right to let the case grow cold but at this point, she had no other means of progressing the investigation. Picking up the glass, she took a sip, letting the artificially sweet and fruity alcohol burn her throat for a moment before she organized her papers on the table. She knew that once the body was identified, it would be her writing a report and doing followup questioning with friends and family of the victim. It

would definitely take her the better part of the week to finish and by the weekend, she'd be too exhausted to enjoy herself, much less make any new progress in her investigation. As much as Maxine hated to think about it, she knew that she was essentially going through the motions. There was nothing, if anything, she could do. However, the scent of something... Strange caught her nose. It smelled like a toy but something was off. She quickly scanned the room, looking for anyone out of the ordinary as she took a deep sniff of the air. Hidden under all the musk and perfume, there was something a little more faint. Whatever this toy was, he didn't radiate fear and anxiety like the other toys. He smelled strangely like sawdust and fresh soap. It was... Actually quite pleasing and found herself desperately wanting more of the intoxicating aroma. Maxine climbed out of the booth and walked in the direction of where the scent was coming from. She passed by tables and weaved her way through the dancing patrons to where she knew the scent was. Then she saw him. He was one of the biggest toys she had ever seen, nearly nine feet tall and with a build that made him look almost like a giantess himself. The only way she knew for sure he wasn't a giantess was his square jaw and lack of breasts. He was with a vixen who had a garish coat of fur the color of bubble gum pink fur, the two sitting at the counter and drinking together. She leaned into him, her head resting on his shoulder like they were lovers.... --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Five hours earlier.... Jackson woke up curled up next to Trish. The sleeping tabby, just barely an inch shorter than him, purred in his arms as the first rays of the morning light began to wash over them. Turning his head to the side and staring at his alarm clock, he saw that he had woken up thirty minutes before the

alarm was meant to go off. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, then back to Trish. By now, he was far too alert to just go back to sleep in time before the alarm would ring. Thus, it was time to go and make breakfast for the two of them. Carefully extracting himself from her grip, he winced as he crawled out of bed, his back and ass still aching from their session the previous night. Her seed shifted around inside his body as he moved, making him feel sick as he rose to his feet. He groaned a little as he bent over and picked up his clothes from the floor where they had been thrown the previous night, and put them on as he carefully made his way towards the kitchen. Their flat was a rather small one but it had everything they needed. A bedroom, a bathroom, one kitchen and common area. It was almost like living in their college apartment again. The only difference this time was that the apartment wasn't older than him and it wasn't full of furniture that had been bought at a discount. He sighed as he opened the fridge and looked inside, grabbing a carton of pre-beaten eggs, a hunk of synthetic meat, and four pieces of bread. As he fried up their breakfast on a cast iron skillet and waited for the bread to turn a color of golden brown, he turned on the T.V to watch the news. As usual, the woman on the television went on about current events which, unsurprisingly, was extremely dull. To be fair, Jackson did have to admit that despite the fact that it had been twenty years since the war, he was still always surprised to turn on the channel to see nothing bad happening. Granted, it was nice not to hear about something awful that had happened or was going to happen but it was always disconcerting. He wasn't entirely sure if it was because they simply didn't report bad news or because there was no bad news to report. Regardless, it almost didn't matter to him anymore. Unless the news would somehow separate him from his pack, he had no reason to really care that much. That was for the leaders and citizens of this new world order to deal with. As far as he was concerned, he was happily retired and spending his

golden years surrounded by loved ones.... Even if it felt completely undeserved. By the time the bread finished toasting, scrambled eggs had been perfectly cooked, and synthetic meat patties were browned, the alarm in the bedroom rang. He heard Trish yawn and move around the bed as she stretched. "Jacksooon! Where are you!" Jackson smiled as he readied their plates and set the table, right as his naked sister padded her way into the living room. The two smiled at each other and Trish walked up to him, grabbed his hips, and pulled him close for a kiss. Jackson melted into her touch, caressing her face and the two stood there for a moment, basking in each other's presence. She purred and nuzzled his shoulder. "Got any plans today little brother? If not, I'd love to take you to work again~" He shook his head. "Sorry, Vivian set me up with another client today. More therapy work." Trish rolled her eyes as walked over to the coffee machine and inserted a new cartridge, turning the machine on and letting it brew. "Oh yeah? Who's it this time? Some girl who misses her boyfriend or husband? Someone who realized how shit their life is and now they want to be taken care of by a real man again?" "No, actually it's someone who was born after the war." This got Trish's ears to perk up as she looked at him incredulously. Jackson simply shrugged and smiled at her. "Seriously. They apparently want to experience what a date is like." The tabby laughed as she grabbed two cups from the cabinet and filled them up with hot, fresh

coffee. "Oh yeah? What about me? I wanna have a night out with you but this stinking desk job has got me chained down." "I can't exactly help you out there other than tell you to quit and find something else to do." She snorted as she brought the two cups over to the table and sat down, pushing one of them over to him. "Unless you somehow help me start up a cafe with an ocean front view, I think I'm going to have to wait until the fifty girls who had the exact same plan as me get bored and move on." Jackson sighed as he began to cut into his block of synth meat. "Maybe we can go to Arcadia this weekend? Enjoy the park and have a picnic." "I'm definitely not opposed to the idea." Trish smiled as she shoveled a wad of eggs into her mouth. "I swear if I have to take a look at one more spread sheet, I'm going to scream." The two continued in relative silence, occasionally making small talk as they listened to the T.V, and commented on whatever it was that was on. When the news reported that a new body had been discovered at the Liberty Point memorial, Jackson found himself wincing as he watched the images play out on the screen. A completely blackened corpse hung from a noose and strung up on the memorial in some grotesque display. The footage was completely uncensored and crystal clear. He swore that he could see every little bit of detail on the body, the pattern of charring and the spots where the fire hadn't eaten the victim all the way down to the bone. It was then that he noticed Trish trying to get his attention and he quickly snapped himself out of his daze to face her. She looked worried as her gaze darted between him and the T.V. "You weren't responding to anything I was saying Jackson. Is everything okay?"

He shook his head and sighed. "I... I just saw the body and it brought up some memories I had. Things that still shake me up even today." "Is it the war?" Jackson paused for a minute, looking at the screen before back at her. He constantly thought about the war whenever he was alone. He remembered the things nobody else wanted to but at that moment, those images had taken a back seat, and allowed something deeper from his subconscious to come to the surface. "No... This was before the war, back when I was doing some janitorial work for the Springfield Police department. Just, what I saw on the T.V reminded me of some things I saw in the morgue there. Never told you because... Well, I didn't want to give you nightmares." Trish's brows furrowed and she reached over and grabbed his hand. "Do you want to talk about it?" There was a long moment of silence as a thousand thoughts ran through his mind. He had done more than just clean the police station. So many things. His skills as a dog made him a very useful asset for the force. He had seen things. Awful, awful things. Jackson looked at her and shook his head. "Maybe another day. I think that's a part of my life I prefer to not discuss over breakfast." "I... Okay." She smiled and rubbed his hand. "Don't keep it all to yourself alright? You can talk to me." Jackson nodded. "I promise I will when the time is right. In the meantime, let's talk about something else."

Trish smiled weakly at him as the two of them resumed eating. Jackson felt a pain shoot up his left arm. He looked to his stump and felt the muscles spasming as nerves shot out signals to control a limb that was no longer there, warning him that he was in pain. It was an awful cramping sensation and he had to stop eating to grab the arm, massaging it until it stopped moving. Despite the fact it had been years ago, there was always some reminder that it was missing... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The girl's name was Sherry. She was a university student who was just finishing up her sophomore year in college. Despite the fact he was in his early forties now, he didn't feel old. In fact, he still felt like he was still in his twenties. This whole thing was almost like his first date again. If he didn't know any better, he would have guessed he was wearing the same getup as he did before as well. A pair of jeans, a plain t-shirt, and dark green canvas jacket. Sherry, on the other hand, wore what could only be considered as a schoolgirl's outfit. A white shirt with a black skirt that barely fit her. It was probably the only set of clothing she had considering most women were so used to walking around naked. Despite the fact it was rather cold out, it was obvious she wasn't feeling it at all. The vixen stared at him in shock as she looked him up and down, clearly baffled by his appearance. Then, she opened her mouth. "Like, where's your arm?" Jackson felt himself letting out a mental sigh as he looked at his stump. "I lost it during T-day. It's a long story and honestly, that's not the main point of this right now. Today is meant to be about you. Are you ready for your date?" Sherry nodded excitedly as she grabbed onto his arm. He smiled at her. "Alright, now, just to be

clear on a few ground rules. One, I have an allotted budget of fifty credits, as signed in the agreement which we can use to spend on anything you like. If we go over, then that's an additional fee. Two, we're not actually romantic partners. I'm an emotional support canine who's acting as a date for you so try not to get too attached. Last but not least, yes my services do include sexual ones so long as they do not result in permanent bodily harm to myself. Otherwise, that's an additional fee and you will be blacklisted." She giggled and grabbed his hips as she looked up into his eyes. "Oh don't you worry. I understand exactly what you mean." Jackson smiled at her and the two locked arms as they began to make their way along the Liberty point boardwalk. It was colder than usual as fall began to hit the coast. It would only be a few more weeks until the first snow came down. Despite this however, the boardwalk was no less busy than before. The trendy shops and cafes now showed off seasonal products like toys flavored with cinnamon and pumpkin spice lattes. Jackson cringed at a few of the displays in the windows, looking at the tiny little men which had been pumped full of some kind of flavoring like caramel and wrapped in puff pastry to be eaten. In other windows, he saw the poor bastards that had been fashioned into living sets of clothing, some being forced to wear extra durable sweaters or even tattooed to look more festive. He felt nothing but burning rage each time he had to look into their eyes when they caught sight of him. Everytime one of them looked back at him, he could have sworn it was someone he knew. A fellow comrade from his unit, a classmate he knew back in college, a neighbor from his old street. So many different, helpless faces passed him by. A few of them looked to him, begging him for help with their silent, pitiful wails. As much as he wanted to help them, he knew how futile the effort would be. There wasn't anything he could do to fight back.

Suddenly, the vixen caught his attention as she tugged on his sleeve and pointed at a rather high class looking establishment. It was clearly some kind of cocktail bar that catered to those with refined tastes.... Well, as refined as the person who ordered a mojito at eleven in the morning could be considered as such. "Oh oh! Let's go there! I heard they have these awesome things called poppers where they fill a toy up with booze and you eat it." Jackson felt his eye twitch at her enthusiastic tone and the way she spoke about those poor men. He had to remind himself not to snap at her and call her a cunt. Instead, he put on the fake smile he was always so used to putting on around younger clients. "Sounds like a plan. Let's go!" Sherry leaned into his shoulder as she guided him in the direction of the bar, practically crushing his wrist in her grip. The vixen rested her head on his shoulder, filling his nostrils with the scent of cheap perfume and her musk. It was clear she had just bought the first bottle she could off the shelf, not knowing any better or simply not caring. Regardless, he had to feign interest as he sniffed her hair a little deeper. This seemed to catch her off guard for a moment as she looked up at him, her face burning red. "You... Uhhh... You like my perfume?" Jackson sighed as he nuzzled her head, eliciting a small gasp from her. "Honesty? I was too busy enjoying your scent to notice." That was an obvious lie but regardless, it made her bury her face in her hands and she let out a quiet squeak as she pushed a hand against him. When she peeked at him through her fingers, he just smiled warmly at her. Her eyes lit up with wonder, infatuated by the smile he gave her as she reached up to touch his face. He let her do so as she ran her nimble fingers through his fur. Jackson reciprocated the moment, brushing a few locks of hair out of her eyes and holding her cheek tenderly.

Then, she leaned in and kissed him. It was more of a peck if anything. An attempt to get a feel for what it was like. She looked at him, uncertain if what she was doing was right. Jackson looked at her reassuringly. "Don't worry. Just do what comes natural." This earned a smile from the vixen who in turn, became a little more bold as she pressed her lips harder into his before pulling away. Jackson felt his fur stand on end at the way she eagerly mashed her lips into his. The way her slimy tongue wormed its way into his mouth. He had done his best to reciprocate, but it felt mechanical more than anything. She huffed, looking more confident than before. "Wow... I never did that with anyone before. Most of the girls back in school think I'm a weirdo and the toys... Well, I can make them but it just isn't the same." Jackson smiled at her. "Well, dating is really hard. You can't force it to happen." The vixen huffed and rolled her eyes. "Of course I can! Those stupid toys just need to learn to like it! Mom says it's like training! They have to learn what I want before they know how to give it to me!" Jackson mentally slapped himself, remembering that this was a giantess he was talking to. She had been born after the war into a world that effectively catered to her every desire. This girl never had to deal with the things the women who grew up before t-day griped about. She didn't have to worry about where her next meal would come from or if she had enough money to make it to the next payday. The concept of working hard for something was probably one that was foreign to her as well. Even the fact she was a college student probably didn't mean as much as what it used to. Jackson

wasn't sure how the new education system was structured, but if a girl as shallow and vapid as the one in front of him could earn a place in a university, then it was probably nothing like his days. Jackson sighed at the thought as he recalled his days in Alpine Polytechnic for the briefest of moments, remembering the old apartment and all the people had met. Those days might as well have been a lifetime ago. A few patrons gave him strange looks but nobody really paid him any mind and they sat down to order drinks. Or at least, the vixen sat down to order while he took a seat next to her and stared at the toy that had been shackled to the bar counter, right at dick height. The poor man looked up at Jackson, eyes wide and lips trembling. "P-please! Help me!" The words barely managed to escape the man's lips. Jackson wished he could pretend he didn't hear the guy but he couldn't. The human was looking straight at him. The desperation in the man's eyes were exactly the same as the one that had grabbed his leg and begged him for help on that third night of the war. That same pain, a plea for aid or mercy that he knew he couldn't answer. Jackson looked away and quickly redirected his attention to the bartender who was shoving the nozzle of a syringe full of amber liquid down a micro toy's throat. The poor man's scream was cut off as the bartender pressed down on the plunger and filled him to the brim with booze. When it was over, the toy looked almost like an egg and his screams were replaced by a choking noise as the bartender callously dropped him into a tall glass and reached for another.... Then another... And another. Jackson didn't know where to look because regardless of the direction he turned his head, he was surrounded by the horrors of this new world. He'd see a wriggling bowl of men be gobbled up here or some guy strapped under the table be used by a giantess who didn't care that he may have been in pain. It was all one unending, waking nightmare. His claws dug into his stool and he grit his teeth,

trying to remember the exercises Barbra taught him to keep calm in situations like this. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and tried to imagine himself in his happy place. Immediately, his thoughts went back to the apartment. That little corner of peace and quiet in the howling storm that surrounded him. He imagined the previous night with Trish, their bodies passionately entwined with one another as they made love. For a brief moment, he felt his anguish wash away as he felt her arms around him, her head nestled into his fur as she purred. He was brought back to reality as the vixen elbowed him in the stomach a little too hard and knocked the wind out of him. Turning to her, he saw her pop one of the 'poppers' into her mouth, the tiny squeal of a man just barely audible before it disappeared behind a row of razor sharp teeth. She chewed for a moment, then swallowed as she grabbed his arm and forced it under her skirt. Jackson shuddered as he was forced to touch her cock. The piece of meat throbbed in his hand like a giant wriggling snake. She huffed as she picked up another popper and tossed it into her mouth. "Hey, knock this down for me. The one under the table is brain dead and gross." Jacksons peeked under the table and saw the previous toy underneath. He had slumped forward, white goopy cum dripping off his body as the restraints kept him in place. This one had been thoroughly used up. Jackson paused for a moment, looking at the stretch marks in his skin and the various bruises all along his face. Odds were, this one was either untrained or the giantess here before was too rough. Jackson's money was most former considering how flashy the place was. It was a common business tactic but considering the extremely inflated prices of their products, this establishment probably let their patrons break the toys. That way, the ladies would feel good about themselves, buy some booze to celebrate, and then repeat the process until they passed out or ran out of credits. It was a sneaky tactic but it worked.

He growled at the thought that a drink could be worth more than a person's life, and found himself unconsciously tightening his grip on the vixen's cock. Despite the force he put into it, she shuddered and moaned as she thrust against his hand. She leaned against his shoulder, purring at his touch as he remembered what he was supposed to be doing, and started rubbing her shaft up and down. He felt a familiar medial ring down there and the flared tip of an equine cock, shuddering as he tried to ignore what he was doing. Jackson was used to giving out handjobs, bending over, and blowing giantesses out in public, even when he was with a pack mate. Despite how often he had done this however, he couldn't help but feel... Wrong. He always felt violated whenever this happened and despite the fact he knew this was his life, it always pained him whenever he was used like this. The vixen let out a small yip and clutched onto him a little harder, huffing as she leaned into him. "Go faster! Faster!" Jackson obliged and moved his hand along her cock at a faster pace, playing with the sensitive glands on her tip as he coaxed out another dollop of precum. Then, he started to vary his pace as he began to tease her rather than work on actually making her cum. She moaned and shuddered, drooling as her eyes rolled back into her head. He could only smile as he watched her kick her legs against the bar counter, earning a few strange looks from the other patrons. The vixen looked like she was possessed but in reality, she was probably experiencing the best handjob she had ever had in her whole life. Jackson silently thanked Barbra for teaching him how to edge someone like this and he kept going, denying the vixen her much needed release. Right up until a hand touched his shoulder. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Maxine watched as the toy turned his head back in surprise as the vixen next to him threw her head back and came. She let out a loud moan of ecstasy, line after line of semen shooting onto the floor as she humped his hand, her claws grabbing onto the barstool with an ironclad grip. When she finished, she sat there for a moment, completely dazed before she flopped onto the table and began to snore loudly. The German shepherd's hazel eyes darted between the vixen, then back at her. He quickly licked his hand clean like any good toy would have before he addressed her. "Is everything alright mistress?" Her eyes locked with him as she took a quick sniff of the air once more, making sure he was truly the source of the scent. She opened her mouth to speak, only to realize she couldn't remember what it was she was going to say. The words had died in her mind before they could even form into a coherent sentence. There was no plausible explanation as to why she would have come over to greet this particular toy. Nervous and scrambling for an answer, she found herself unconsciously playing with her tie. " O-oh! Apologies! Just.... Something that... Uhhh... I just wanted to look around!" Maxine mentally slapped herself for coming up with such a weak excuse, and again for actually apologizing to him. As much as she wanted to ask him questions about who he was, she knew that showing interest in the affairs of a toy or being polite was considered to be taboo. He seemed to catch onto this, his eyes betraying that friendly, passive expression he had as he nervously looked around. Regardless of what he thought, however, he bowed to her. "I'm sorry for bothering you Mistress. I meant no offense." Turning around quickly, she began to quickly make her way back to the booth where she had been sitting, not bothering with a response. Maxine swore she could feel the eyes of dozens of other giantesses boring into her as they witnessed her momentary lapse of strength. They could probably

feel her losing her cool, even as she put on a straight face and sashayed her hips as if nothing was wrong. Despite her attempt to look confident, it all came crumbling down when her foot clipped on the chair of another patron, knocking the woman into a toy that had been carrying a tray. Glasses shattered and drinks spilled all over the floor as a few patrons laughed as the toy fell. Maxine had to hope that we were laughing at the toy and not her clumsiness. Fortunately, the woman she had bumped into was of substantial size and barely noticed the disruption, continuing on about a conversation about stock prices even as Maxine sputtered out a few incoherent apologies and backed away. Slumping down in the booth again, she wanted to do nothing more than melt into the seat and become apart of it. Embarrassment burned at her ears, making her clothes feel tight and as her legs turned to jelly, her humiliation was complete. She looked at her glass, staring at the transparent film left behind by her drink as she grumbled. "Fuck... I need another one." Barksley however, was more focused on the toy at the bar counter. She watched as he sat idly by his... Date? Owner? Client? Whoever that bubblegum pink vixen was. He was still sitting there next to his unconscious partner, gently stroking her hair as he kept watch over her like the livestock guardian dog he was bred to be. Then, she looked back to Maxine, as a mocking and cruel grin crossed her features. "Not going after that hot piece of ass at the barstools?" Barksley turned her attention back to the toy again, licking her lips hungrily. "Have to admit, the missing wing is kind of disappointing but it's all that bad. Whoever owns it just needs to cut the rest of its limbs off and it'll make a good breeding mount." Maxine scoffed. "Shut it Barksley! I was only having a look. I've never seen a toy that large before, especially one with a missing arm."

She looked back at the toy and felt her face heat up a little. The dog seemed... So nurturing despite the cruelty of everything around him. For a moment, she entertained a brief daydream in which this toy in question belonged to her. She imagined him by her side, this oversized toy with a missing arm taking care of her. He looked like he had a lot of interesting stories to tell and he looked so... Gentle. He would treat her right, cook her nice meals, and keep her company in that empty apartment. She was just barely brought back to reality by the sound of a wet squelch as Barksley pulled her toy off her shaft. The bloated little thing let out a wet groan as cum leaked from its abused ass. "Well, let's get its attention and see what it can do for us! I'm sure it's mistress won't mind." Barksley held the toy in her grip by the hair as she turned her body and she arched her arm back. Maxine, realizing what was going to happen, tried to stop her but it was too late. The tips of her fingers just barely grazed against Barksley's arm before the toy was released from her grip as it sailed across the room. Things seemed to move in slow motion then as it flew, a small trail of cum following its path as it went along. It went over the heads of patrons, a few just barely registering it as the trajectory of the toy went uninterrupted, right towards the target. SPLAT! The toy slammed into the German Shepherd square in the back, causing him to lurch forward and let out a startled yelp. Cum spewed out of the thrown toy like some kind of grotesque water balloon as he slid off the canine's body and hit the floor with a dull thud. A few of the patrons cheered at this, the sound of their bellowing laughter filling the room. Panic grew within Maxine's mind as she tried to pretend that she was looking at one of the TV screens. She didn't need this, she didn't want to

deal with this again. The German Shepherd looked around, confused before his eyes locked with Barksley's. His fur seemed to stand on end as the vixen gestured him over. His eyes seemed to dart around the room as he sought a way for himself to escape, even as his legs carried him over. He stopped, just barely an arm length away from the booth as he bowed. "Anything I can do for you, mistress?" Barksley chuckled as she grabbed her cock and gave it a few pumps. Maxine could see that brief flash of discomfort in his eyes as the vixen leered at him. "Oh you can do something alright. Be a good toy and get under the table." She then redirected her gaze to Maxine, challenging her. "Come on! Let's spitroast this overgrown mutt!" Maxine felt a chill crawl up spine as her partner's intense gaze seared her. That accusing look that she had seen so many times on the faces of agents as they interrogated dissidents. The challenge to see whether or not the person in question would try to fight or plead for mercy. She desperately fought to maintain her composure as she smiled and waved a hand dismissively. "Not right now. How can you be in the mood for this anyways!? We're in the middle of something!" The vixen's grin only widened, clearly taking satisfaction in the barely disguised discomfort on Maxine's face. Grabbing the German Shepherd by the ear, she pulled him under the table. "Come on! You work so hard, why not take a little break? You're going to stress yourself to death if you keep at this. Besides, I've heard so much about you and your unit! I want to see you in action!" Maxine's ears folded back as she looked at the toy that had been pulled underneath the table. There was a calmness in his eyes but at the same time, resignation and acceptance of his fate. She wanted to say something to get out of this situation but her mind was drawing blanks. The last thing

she needed was to spare this toy and disgrace herself. Her hands reached down and began to undo her tight pants and for a moment, an old feeling came back. The same one that she used to feel when her male colleagues would ogle her. The same one she felt when that damned golden retriever violated her. She shivered but forced her discomfort down, burying it as she looked back at Barksley. "Alright, fine. Let's do this." Barksley clapped her hands together and let out a hearty chuckle. "Great! Now, ass or mouth?" Maxine growled as she looked down, fumbling with her pants one last time and releasing her massive, humanoid cock. "Mouth." Her rod flopped out as she pulled down her fly, sweat and musk filled the air as it bobbed between her legs, happy to be free from the confines of her pants. Embarrassment burned her cheeks as she looked around, feeling self conscious about her dick. Public nudity was normal in this new world but for Maxine, it no never felt right. She might as well have been her old self. Ever since Tday, even getting in the mood around a toy had been difficult. Biological instinct demanded her to fuck the tiny men raw but at the same time, the things that haunted her always found a way to break her concentration. She couldn't even remember the last time she had used a toy. Whenever she was in the mood, she would use a fleshlight to satiate her needs. While it worked, never completely scratched the itch she always had. There wasn't the same warmth and tightness her body demanded in order to be satisfied. Then, something below the table hit it. Her papers rustled, the drinks in the glasses swirled, and a tiny voice from underneath let out a silent curse. Barksley looked down, disapproving as the male poked his head back up, holding a piece of paper. "Sorry mistress, but you dropped this."

In his hands, he held one of her documents about the case. Her preliminary search report which was mostly blank, save for the few bullet points she wrote down and the blanks she had filled in. She blushed, taking the page from him and placing it with the others. For a moment, his eyes danced over the papers, clearly taking them in as he unconsciously spoke aloud. "Victim burnt... Teeth cracked indicates high temperature but might not necessarily be the cause of death. Body position disturbed by responding officers and the killer. No thermal amputation. Need to inspect closer or a CT scan to determine- " Then, he stopped himself before he could say anything else and turned his gaze up to meet hers. Her gaze locked with his for a moment, his inquisitive hazel eyes looking into her. In that instant, she knew he could tell how uncomfortable she was with this whole thing. So, he coughed. "You're... Investigating the serial killer right? The one that burns their victims alive? I'd like to know if you're close to finding someone. My mistresses are worried that they may be next." Maxine paused, her eyes flicking between Barksley's disapproving glare and the toy's neutral expression. Despite what he had done, he seemed so calm. His behavior was completely out of line. Not only moving without permission, but talking to her as if they were equals. Any toy would have been punished for this unruly behavior but at the same time, Maxine was somewhat thankful it provided her a means to avoid the inevitable for now. She nodded quietly as she reached into her pocket and pulled out a card. With a pen she had been using to write down her reports, she quickly scrawled out the words help me onto the page and thrust it towards the male.... Only to knock over her Barksley's wine glass. Maxine watched as the red liquid flew across the table, landing on Barksley's immaculate suit. The vixen's eyes widened, her jaw dropping in horror as she scrambled out of the booth, trying to get

away from the offending liquid. She stood in the walkway, staring at the mess as droplets of wine dripped down onto her seat and pooled around her pants. Barksley scowled at Maxine as she gestured to her red stained suit and fur. "Ugh! You clumsy bitch! What was that for!?" The wolfess opened her mouth to apologize, only to realize this was an opportunity to talk to him rather than having sex with him. Her lips almost curled into a smile as she held back a giggle. "Oh crap! I'm so sorry about that! I'm just... Tired, you know?" The bags under Maxine's eyes gave some credit to her apology. She had been wearing herself thin for months now and despite her body's amazing abilities, even that was starting to falter as the hours of lost sleep and stress added on. The weariness and wrinkles were slowly beginning to make themselves permanent residents on her face. Of course, Barksley had no sympathy for Maxine's excuse, more focused on the tragedy of her suit. "Fucking clutz! It's one thing to trip over a stupid toy but this!? It's like you're going out of your way to fuck up my day!" The vixen grabbed a wad of napkins from the table and began to dab the suit in a vain effort to clean away the offending stain. She growled with frustration as she held the mass of red tinted napkins up for Maxine to see. " Damn it! This thing was expensive! Do you know how much money I spent on this suit!? This is Cambaya silk! I waited for months to have this thing custom made and now it's completely ruined! This stain is never going to get out!" Maxine shrugged as she crossed her arms and lounged back in her seat. She had to resist the urge to laugh at Barksley's rant. "Well Barksley! If that thing was so expensive, maybe you should try to work harder on this case so you can afford a new one sooner rather than later! I know sin probably has something that could clean that mess out of your suit, but I think we both know it's never going to

wash it away completely." Barksley glared at Maxine, fire in her eyes as she slammed the wad of napkins down on the table and snarled. "I ought to tear your fucking throat out for this!" Then, she began to stomp away towards the bathroom with an indignant huff and an irritated flick of her tail. Maxine watched, a hand clamped down on her muzzle to keep herself from breaking into laughter as the vixen grabbed up a serving toy and dragged him along towards the bathroom. The little man yelped, but did not struggle as he was dragged away to his fate. With that matter handled, Maxine let out a quiet sigh and looked at the toy, smiling at him apologetically. "Sorry about my partner. She's a real bitch." The toy nodded before his eyes gazed down back at her case file. A grimace crossed his face as he picked up one of the pictures of the body and looked it over. "Fuck... It's the Andersons all over again." Maxine raised her eyebrow, not recognizing the case. "The Andersons?" He quickly shook his head and nodded as he inspected the photo a little closer. "Before T-day, I used to work part time in law enforcement as a cadaver dog. This photo reminds me of a case I helped out with back in high school. Triple homicide, husband, wife and ten year old daughter. All three were found in a burnt station wagon in the middle of the woods. I could smell the scene, blood, gunpowder, and gasoline. They were smart enough to wear odor masker, but they weren't smart enough to dispose of their spent cartridges or the beer bottles they drank from when they..."

A flash of anger briefly sparked in his eyes and he paused, taking a moment to recompose himself as he examined the photo once more. "The car was ambushed but nobody inside was hit. No... Fuckers kept them in there, doused them with gas and burned them alive. They couldn't escape the car because they would have been shot. I found out later that the bastards involved were members of a militant human supremacist group that were operating in the area. Worst part is, the only reason why those poor people died is because they made a wrong turn trying to find a campground." Maxine's ears folded back at the account of the grizzly story. It reminded her of that day on the airfield. That poor kit and his mothers. She frowned as a spike of pain jabbed her heart. "Yeah... Those monsters..." Jackson nodded as he looked at her case file again. "Now's probably not a good time to dig up old ghosts anyways. Maybe I can help you with your case." She frowned on that information for a moment, looking over her documents before sliding them over. "Give it your best shot. At this rate, I'm going to get canned sooner or later. There aren't exactly a whole lot of detectives left over from T-day who can do this stuff anyways..." Maxine huffed as she slumped against the table. "Doesn't really help that everyone around me is an air headed bimbo." He shook his head, clearing the thought from his mind as he refocused his attention on the case. "Victim is completely burnt, not like the first few that clearly had their heads and chest doused. Burn damage is more consistent as well, mostly third degree burns. I suspect the killer is using synthetic gasoline but how are they getting that much without anyone noticing?" Getting a hold of gasoline was rather difficult in Sanctuary. Sure, cars existed but most were

electric. There were hybrid cars but even then, what was the point of a car anyways? With a giantess capable of running as fast as one of those things, public transportation, and a bike friendly design, cars were things only reserved for people who needed to move a lot of things or those who had to use a company car. Maxine owned a van herself but even then, its primary purpose was to serve as a place where she could sleep during her lunch break. Regardless of why a person owned a car however, the sanctuary had a zero-emission policy and a green energy initiative. Not only did that mean fuel was expensive, but there were only a few places that were allowed to sell fuel. In order for someone to even get their hands on the substance, they had to be registered as a vehicle owner and their purchases would be marked down in a database. In Maxine's investigations, she couldn't find anyone that was purchasing copious amounts of fuel that would warrant an investigation. Same with other items like lighter fluid, acetone, etc... Maxine huffed as she brushed a lock of hair out of her face. "Well, this person could just own a car and siphon off some fuel every so often to do this. The problem is, witnesses who were in the area where some of the victims were kidnapped didn't report a vehicle or a giantess of substantial size anywhere near the scene." He nodded and closed his eyes as he pinched the bridge of his muzzle. "True. The victims ranged around eight feet to fifteen feet tall. Best bet, this woman has to be at least eighteen feet tall or so but those girls are noticeable. Even if they are sneaky, there's no way they're moving around a charred corpse that's almost as big as them." "Exactly, now this is the dead end we've been stuck on for so long. We can't figure out how they're doing it, even if we have a rough idea of the motive. Nothing makes sense! This person should be sticking out like a sore thumb!"

She looked at him, expecting him to say something to re-affirm her confusion and attempt to make some kind of explanation to defend his pride. But instead, he just stared at the documents as he processed the information. Then, she saw it. A brief flash in his eyes that told her he had caught onto something. "The jewelry," "What?" He snapped his hands and looked at her, his tail wagging behind him. "That jewelry! The ones you wear so you can shrink yourselves down so you can actually have sex! That! The thing!" Sincorp had been producing a line of jewelry that allowed a giantess to scale themselves down to a size that... Well, more or less let them fit inside a toy.. Her eyes widened as her mind filled in the blanks. He was right! It was the only possible way this killer could have moved the bodies without anyone being wiser to the fact! She never imagined someone would have been capable of modifying one of those things in order to shrink a girl down even further! "Oh my god! I - I didn't even think of it like that! Holy shit! You're a fucking genius!" The toy nodded as he gestured with his hand, trying to organize his train of thought. "Of course, I'd imagine these things are heavily regulated though. You'd probably need to find a list of people who have purchased them in the past few years and cross reference that list with those who are known to be excessively violent." "Not unless they stole the jewelry from one of the victims!" Blurted Maxine as she quickly covered her muzzle and looked back towards the bathroom to see if her partner had come back. She hadn't and she let out a quiet sigh as she turned her attention back to him. "I mean, yeah, what you

said is true but at the same time they could have also stolen it." "Hmmmm, I suppose that is a very real possibility." He quickly nodded as he looked at the case file for a moment. "Victim four was one of the more affluent ones. They were.... A regional administrator for Sincorp right? The first fifteen foot tall victim" He had guessed it dead on. Victim four was a pantheress that worked in administration for the Sanctuary branch sin corp. The victim went missing after a party where she had been seen wearing such jewelry and was found dead four days later hanging across the street from where she worked. The jewelry was missing from her body. Witnesses didn't report anything of use but Maxine and Barksley did find a bloodstain belonging to the victim on the pavement near the area. A CT scan revealed that the woman had been struck in the back of the head by a blunt object which had fractured their skull. She nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah! She was wearing it when she left her party and when her body was recovered, it was missing!" "Then there you have it. That explains why the first three victims in a row were small and weren't completely burnt when their bodies were recovered." He sighed as he wiped an imaginary bead of sweat from his brow. "Of course, those were nearly a year ago. I'd imagine the movers already cleared their places out and squandered all the evidence that could have been looked over. Those were probably the best sources of evidence you could have had, especially since that was when this killer first began." Maxine sighed and nodded as she mulled the information over. As much as she hated to admit it, he was right. If someone competent had been placed in charge of this case, they would have been able to stop this killer sooner. Now, fourteen people were dead, this killer was seasoned in avoiding

detection, and the politicians were getting desperate enough to start falsely imprisoning people. Nevertheless, at least she had a way forward now. "We... Could try searching the first victim's apartment again. Luckily for us, nobody has touched it ever since the investigation into her death began." Victim one was a cat and was a rather reclusive one at that. She worked from home as a small, independent writer. No known connections to friends or a family. It was unknown when she had been taken but her body was the first one to be discovered. Her arms and legs had rope marks where they had been tied together and an autopsy showed that she was drunk at the time of her death. The burn patterns on her weren't very consistent either, with her arms and legs mostly untouched by the flames, making her one of the least damaged bodies there had. However, a thorough search of her apartment showed that there was no forceful entry into her home and no sign of a struggle, indicating she most likely knew the killer or had been taken in the street. Maxine's guess was that she knew the killer given the intoxicated state of the victim. They must have shared a drink together and when she fell asleep, the killer took her and killed her. Unfortunately for the ISA, they didn't manage to make too much headway into the investigation before the second victim showed up a few days later in a similar state... Then the third... Then the fourth. The dog smiled at her and nodded. "Yeah, that's a smart move. The first victim is probably one of the most important ones. I might not be privy to all the details of the investigation, but I know that one was the sloppiest of all the kills." Maxine felt her cheeks burn when he smiled at her. She was impressed with his skills and how quickly he was able to deduce these things so quickly. He was a pre-war toy that had a background in these sorts of murder investigations. If he had proper access to the case, he could have cracked this

case wide open months ago. She quickly blurted out. "What's your name!?" He looked at her for a moment, startled by her sudden question before he chuckled. "My name is Jackson. It's nice to meet you..." "Maxine, lead investigator for this case. Don't have a last name anymore, I decided to leave that piece of me behind in the old world." "Well, it was very nice to meet you Maxine." Jackson said as he gave her a friendly pat on the shoulder. "As much as I wish I could help more, I can only get so much out of these files on their own. If I could give the bodies a good sniff, maybe I'd be able to figure something out." Maxine cocked her head at the odd statement. "Smell the bodies?" He chuckled and tapped his nose all knowingly. "As great as your noses are, there's a difference between smelling something, and understanding what it means. That's a skill that takes years to hone." She couldn't help but look down at her own nose and gingerly touch it with a finger. "I'd... Really love to have you on the case. Course, I doubt the ISA would approve of me bringing a random toy into the morgue for no reason." Jackson smiled weakly at her. "I have to admit. As much as I would like to help out too, I'm retired. The last thing I need to do is start dipping my nose back into this stuff." "Retired?"

He snickered and shrugged. "Well, ever since T-day, I haven't had to work anymore... For the most part." "I envy you. Sometimes, I wish I didn't have to work this stupid job." She huffed as she reflected back on the day it all began. The day she had been forced into this body of hers. "I used to be a security guard at the place Sin worked at before T-day." That caught his attention, and not in a good way. His eye seemed to twitch at her statement, a momentary flash of anger before his expression became neutral once more. "I... See. Interesting." "I was one of the first few to be tested on directly. One moment, I'm patrolling the hallways and next, I'm waking up in the isolation ward about to be dragged off to get gassed." Jackson nodded as he sat up and turned around quickly, hiding his face from her. Despite the fact he couldn't see his expression, his balled up fists and the way the fur on his back rose told her everything. "I need to get going, it was nice meeting you." His curt, cold tone betrayed his words. He clearly wasn't happy about this newfound information about her. Maxine reached a hand out for him but he quickly stepped out of her reach as he began walking back to the bar. All she could do was watch as he rejoined the vixen, trying to shake her awake. Maxine let out a defeated sigh and began to reorganize her papers. That was, until a voice caught her attention. "So Maxine, you're a sympathizer eh?" Maxine felt her blood freeze as she turned around to see Barksley standing behind her completely naked. Her arms were crossed, eyes narrowed at Maxine with distaste and suspicion.

Maxine furrowed her brows, trying to keep herself from blurting something incriminating out. Barksley must have been watching her for a while, listening to her and the toy talk but at the same time, Maxine knew she had to stay calm. ""What the fuck are you on about? I was just listening to him yammer about the case. It's not like I gave him any information that the public didn't already know." Barksley shook her head. "I might not be a good investigator, but I'm not stupid either." Her tail flicked behind her dangerously as a coy smile crossed her muzzle. "Did you know that the way you were talking with a toy like that is super serious right? I think I need to report this to Ingram... Unless." It took an inordinate amount of willpower to keep herself from hurling an insult at the fox or decking her in the face. Maxine growled at her dangerously. "Unless what?" The vixen looked at her claws, feigning disinterest in Maxine's display. "Half your paycheck every payday would certainly help me overlook this incident." Maxine held her breath and groaned. Her reputation at the ISA was already bad enough. She didn't make use of toys often enough, her office was always spotless, and her psych evals were just barely acceptable for someone to be considered well adjusted. It wouldn't take much for Barksley to convince everyone she was a sympathizer or even an agent of the resistance. From there, it would be lights out for her... Or worse. "Fine...." Barksley leaned in and gave Maxine a condescending pat on the cheek, her expression mocking and cruel. "Good girl."

A shiver ran up Maxine's spine again as a pit formed in her stomach. She found herself looking back towards the bar where she had last seen Jackson and the fox, only to realize they had left. In their place were two empty barstools and an empty bowl. Barksley snorted. "So, what did that thing tell you anyways? You seemed pretty excited right up until the end there." Maxine was about to tell Barksley to piss off, when she realized that probably wasn't the best idea. So she told the vixen everything she had learned from Jackson. The significance of the missing jewelry from victim four and how it related to the different sizes of the victims. As she explained it, she could see the cogs spinning inside Barksley's head as the vixen came to the same conclusion as she had as well. An angry scowl crossed her face as she continued to think. Odds were, she was angry because of the fact a toy of all things managed to figure out how this killer was operating faster than they could. "So, who was that toy anyways?" Maxine shrugged. "How would I know? All I got was a name and the detail that he used to work in law enforcement as a cadaver dog." Barksley sighed and shook her head, before a creepy smile creased her lips. "Well, it seems useful. I guess I should thank you for being so transparent with it. That toy might just be what it takes to save our asses." She huffed as she straightened her fur out again. "It won't take too long for me to track it down. A toy that size doesn't go unnoticed." "What about his owners? I'm pretty sure they would object to us just taking him." The vixen laughed and shook her head. "They can try to stop us. They can certainly try."
