"Ahh...ah.. ahchooo! UGH Leona I'm goanna kill you if I catch a cold!" hissed a slender red haired feline glaring up at the moon lit night while hugging slender grey and white arms round her perky chest. The dainty, well close to 16 foot giant in reality, feline's fur bristled against the cool night air as she looked around the open grounds decorating the facilities loading yard. Bright feline eyes sliding over the tall fence, and onto the dark street's beyond before with a huff she turned flashing her generous rump to the world as she stomped back inside. The dull groan of the door in conjunction with a series of dull clicks muffled as the two sentries on either side of the loading door hummed to life, large red eyes flashing a few codes back and forth before moving. The empty front suddenly full of the sounds of grinding gears and humming metal shifting as twin large oversized quad footed contraptions, like someone's cross between a tank and a crab pushed up with a hissing of gears before stomping out onto either side of the facilities gates. The dull hum of their engine blocking the faint sounds of midnight as they began to patrol, their metallic eyes looking back and forth in timed discipline. The mechanical beasts' bodies pausing for but a moment, both turning with slow grinding weight as they trained fat arms made of a wide variety of smooth bored cannon's around to where a bird was nesting, the small ruffle of its feathers making their weapons cycle up...before quieting as the twin giants lumbered back into position beside the door that the feline had vanished through. Speaking of said girl, she was at that moment dropping onto a wide leather couch, sighing as the old fabric sank at her weight to curl lovingly against her hips, rubbing pleasantly against her thick additions both above and below. "Mhmmm much better..." purred the feline rolling over so that her head was resting against the couch's arm, her tail lazily lifting its way up between her legs to flick a small wave towards her fellow guard. "honestly Sin's already uped the number of bolt heads why do we need "thinking guards." Huffed the girl making little air quotes, while across from her another massive figure gave her words nothing but a few shakes of their head. "Ooh fuck that's tight... mmhm oh stop whining..mhmmm ooho yeah.... That's a good little slut...mhmm and its cause, ohh these little things, mmnnff, need proper management." Grinned a towering brown eyed woman, her speech punctuated with the hot groan of her deep voice. The lustful pleasure masked for a second as she slapped a hand to the wall with a hefty boom. The impact doing little to cover a warm clap below which drew the feline's eyes as her tail flicked round happily at the view of her friend lifting a little man off the floor with just her cock, pinning him to the wall, even as over a foot of thick pink bunny shaft slid into view before ramming up again with another wet slap. The slosh of her meaty balls to the tinys ass filling the room with its steady beat. "MHmmm and breaking them in oh course...ooohhh...sides Contra, you know the bolts didn't stop the last few break ins." Huffed the tall white furred bunny, her knowing smirk looking back even as she gave a fresh little groan feeling the toy whimpering between her and the wall stretching to fit a few more perfect inch's of her throbbing girth

into its virgin ass. "MHmm well..." purred Contra, licking her lips as she slid a hand down her generous basketball sized breasts pausing to give each a warm squeeze before continuing down to wrap her paws round her own barstool sized shaft with a wet little moan. "At least I get to see you work Juxta...mhmm you're really a master at breaking those little toy's in... hehe mhmmm mind if I get a turn with that one later?" mewed the feline stretching out to enjoy the show as the rabbit girl threw her a smirk. *thump* "Ooh maybe *thump* "I'll share with you a bit later," *thump* "ooh not like we don't have a few Ooh" *Thump* "to practice with." *thump* every few words punctuated by a fresh impact as her dick beat the little black-haired man against the wall, his eyes long since having rolled back to whites even as she savored the weight of him squeezing helplessly round her fat dick. "Hehe I think I like the sound of tha." *BOOOOOOOMMM* "What the HELL!" yowled Contra flipping off the couch with a heavy thump, even as Juxta spun, hardly noticing as her toy flew off her cock to splat against the floor his naked ass leaking her spunk all across the guard room as both giant women looked out the window just in time to see the first metallic guard bursting into flames, thick steel blooming out as red hot fire erupted from its dying skeleton. The red golden glow flooding the once quite night with the harsh crackle of danger! "Come on!" hissed Contra leaping to rip open the door, the cool air hardly noticed as she plunged into the night. Her rabbit friend a few seconds behind, both sprinting out just in time to see the second bot turn sharply its arms jerking forwards with a metallic clicking like some giant cockroach. The women's eyes momentarily blind in the shifting light searching with nose and even ear for any sigh of the danger! Before either could manage however, the robots body jerked round lifting its gun as with a thunder of shell fire, the yard was lit by the roaring lines of tracers! The bullets brief flaming life, showing finally what it was that was coming at them. The figure tall and dark even in the moonlight, dancing between the lines of fire like some exotic gymnast on display, ducking and spinning under each line bouncing high to arch a beautiful form through the air, as tail and hair flowed out sparkling as each caught the moonlight. Every shot seeming to just miss, the elegant form, even as it spun, what must have been its hair flashing for a moment as a bullet punched harmlessly through the beautiful vision. And yet. "WHO THE FUCK IS THAT!" snapped Contra even as the thing shot into the air with a heavy bound. Fire light covering it from head to toe in a way that should have made it impossible to not recognize...and yet? The thing, whatever it was, wouldn't seem to stay clear. Its form obviously that of a powerful female, what else could it be with those generous curves and bulge, but the tail, was somehow concealed, flickering at the edges with sparks of rainbow light, as if it was a living glitch on a computer monitor, refusing to take the right shape. The same oddness coated the things arms and hips even its face where the busty body was not hugged by a skintight leather costume. Gold lines of fabric seeming to edge where the oddity began and the lovely body ended. Worse still the face, the thing that would have given them a clue as to what or even who this thing was, instead was only flashing some kind of Neon outline of text. Like someone had drawn the cute ":3", in bright blue over blackness in the shape of some unclear animal's complexion.

"Doesn't matter just stop her!" snapped Juxta bounding forwards even as the thing shot down like a living rocket, one powerful leg smashing into the robotic guard's shell, steel and fibers cracking with a crash of impact. The metallic bucket of bolts legs first buckling then snapping with a massive cascade that sent dirt and sparks flying, as it plowed into the earth. However, no sooner had the strange attacker struck the iron brute down than the two-woman were upon her, both pouncing at her from either side, as the things face changed into a large "!". For a heartbeat both Juxta and Contra thought they had her, at least till that "!" flashed once before shifting into an annoyingly cute ":P" as with the flexibility of a ballerina the thing arched forwards. Its blurry hands planting onto the iron shell below lifting the rest of her up into a handstand before spinning its legs up and round into a concussive twin kick that struck both pouncing women full on the chin with a sickening *CRACK!* Two heavy thumps rising seconds later as the two animal women slapped into the ground rolling for a few yards before coming to a stop, both out cold. The sudden absence of any threats leaving the enigmatic figure to flourish her dismount of the broken robot with a little bow. A static flash moving over its face seconds before the image was morphing back into its perfect ":3." Taking a moment to admire its work the oddly dressed figure turned and strode off towards the door, with a not so subtle rock of its large hips. A few minutes later, the fires from the devastated robot already dying into glowing embers, two dazed girls blinked awake half rising just in time to see the mysterious figure hopping up onto a powerline, with the four toys from the security room slung over its back. As if sensing their gaze, the figure turned that annoying ":3" back to look down at them, pausing its getaway just long enough to give them a teasing one handed salute before it was off sprinting along the cities heavy powerlines as easily as you might a sidewalk. "Ugh....so... you telling Sin then?" groaned Juxta rubbing her head as she felt a bruise on her generous ass. Across from her Contra hissed paws moving to rub her fluffy red head, even as she shot the girl an annoyed pout from behind her bangs. "Like hell I wasn't even suppose to be here today!" she huffed as the light from the brief battle illuminated Sin Company's logo across the toy capture and education plant behind them. Meanwhile a few hundred yards over the cities protective walls, and deep deep into the feral forests beyond, where the thick vines and overgrown canopy made it hard to tell if this was forest or jungle, the strange figure who assaulted the factory skipped once, then twice to a stop. Heavy paws stamping down as with a giggle she bent to drop the four men to the forest floor, three smooth and distinguishable mostly by their red, blonde, and black hair, while the final a fluffy white rabbit all blinked up shivering at their savior. "TADA!!" cheered the static and leather clad figure in a sing song voice that seemed to tickle pleasantly at their ears even with its booming volume. "Justice wins again! I was all like Bang and POW and they

were all like "oh no" and I was heyaa and curchow! AHhh I'm so awesome right!" giggled the giant figure all but bouncing on the soles of her paws as she wiggled above the men, her huge curves bouncing rather temptingly above them, making three blush despite themselves. The childish display filling their view, as three nodded fighting the urge to smile and back away as the innocent joy of this, whatever it was... or they did before... well. "Forget awesome what are you!" called one of the men, standing up, his red hair cut short, and his form a bit broader than the rest. The blonde and black haired boys, the latter still cradling his bloated belly from Juxta's attention, looking at him confused even as the bunny boy moved to help support the bloated one adding his own confused gaze towards their fellow male. "Hey she saved us, don't." began the bunny, frowning as he shouldered the black haired boy's arm. At least he did before the redhead swung round a fist digging into the bunny's chest making him gasp and fall to his knees even as the other two swore and stepped between them. "What the hell!" snarled the blonde before. "Hey don't fight! We're all friends out here!" called the giant as with a flick of her still static hand her face changed into a clear "Λ." Looking from the obviously accusatory redhead's gaze, to the others, the giant seemed to decide something as with her free hand she reached up to unmask. A strange cloth like substance pealing away as if she was drawing back a curtain to show a concerned bandit masked face, bright blue eyes looking sad as the raccoon girl frowned at the quartet. "You don't have to fight, see your out of the city and." Began the girl even as with a few presses of her costumes wrist the rest of her disguise vanished, revealing the thick furry appendages in all their glory, long smooth arms and legs, a twin set of curved perky breasts large enough to smother a grown man between, and below a dangling beast of pink meat bent round twin watermelons sized orbs swaying heavily from the giant racoon girl. The massive beauties long black hair now clearly visible swaying behind her along with a ringed tail, as she bent over with a look of honest concern upon her lovely face. But before she could continue the redhead's anger turned on her. "FRIENDS!" he spat glaring up at the girl who looked hurt at the tone, even as he pushed on. "FRIENDS WITH FREAKS LIKE YOU THAT USE US LIKE TOYS, GO ON AND FUCK THESE LITTLE SHITS BUT NOT ME! Go on!" he grunted grabbing the blonde's long hair and yanking him forwards to toss between him and the raccoon girl. "Fuck that little shit for all I care, as for me!" he began before a growl made him freeze seeing the girl's eyes narrowing as she bared her teeth. "Hurt him Infront of me again, and we'll see how tough you are!" she growled protectively even as he saw her moving her tail between the three men and himself. Still glaring at the trio and then to her the man spat into the forest floor. "Fine bitch, I'm out!" he barked, before turning on his heal and stomping away, even as the trio of men looked from him to the giant girl, before a voice rose from between her legs. "Ass...hole.." gasped the blonde biting back tears even as he felt a soft hand thick as his chest reaching down to help him up, his hand closing round one of the raccoon girls fingers as she gave him a sad little

smile. "are you ok?" she asked looking kindly concerned as the remaining men moved closer, looking up at her, the soft face making them feel safe even as the boy holding her finger nodded. "Yeah...don't mind him. I'm Crisp, that's Michael and Ven." Nodded the blonde indicating the blackhaired boy and then bunny as the Raccoon giantess nodded. "Well nice ta metcha, I'm Libby the liberator!" she grinned proudly standing up to strike a bit of a pose, as the boys chuckled kindly nodding their approval. "Hehe but you can just call me Libby, now time to get you all to somewhere safe. Staying out here is just asking for one of those feral girls to pounce you...mhmm and when we get there..." she mumbled giving a little embarrassed smile as the boy's saw her cock give a little throb, her tail sliding back from between them all to show it rising eagerly at their gaze. All three blushing before comparing what had been their fate...to the current reality as they looked from each other... "I might need a little help, you know." She winked leaving the trio to look from one another back round to Libby with a kind of embarrassed agreement. "Hehe after saving us, heck you can fuck me for days and I'll still be happy Libby." Panted the blondehaired boy still cradling a bruised belly as the other two nodded. The racoon girl smiling as she reached down to give her massive shaft a long slow stroke. "Mhmm hehe that sound amazing to me...mhmm sides." She smiled licking her lips as the three boy's shivered eyeing the girl's massive tool. "Freed ass Is the best ass," she cooed obviously eager to let the boy's keep their word, "But first, hehe let's get somewhere we can really celebrate ok! Hehe I'm not getting it out here where everyone can get a show after all. Oh...hmmm," she purred bending to pick up the trio pausing as she looked off towards where the redhead had vanished into the forest... her ears drooping a bit as she idly wondered just how long that silly redhead was going to last without her help? "oh well, hold tight...ooooOOOh hehe there too Crisp mhmmm it feels good!" purred Libby feeling his legs squeeze against the tip of her shaft as she hugged them to her naked breasts. Meanwhile, that particular redhead was pushing his way through a thick bundle of brush, and into the moon drenched forest beyond. The cool night air biting at his naked flesh making him growl angrily at the situation. "Stupid raccoon bitch...too much to ask she think about those of us not covered in fur, ugh if I get a cold fuck getting away scot free, I'll sell her out to the first pair of hunters I can find." Panted the man still stomping along, heedless of the crack of sticks or the rustle of brush as he forced his way noisily through the forest's depth. Missing as he did the pair of miss matched eyes that blinked open from the darkness slowly sliding round to follow him as he passed by a hillside...and the cave within. "Hmf.. maybe if I." began the man before a crash from behind made him spin just in time to have a paw larger than his chest crash against him, the thick black pads knocking the wind from him, as his feet parted with the forest floor. For a brief moment he was weightless, flying through the air, the moon hanging above winking at him between the treetops before with a thwack he was sent crashing through a thicket, branch's leaving deep scratch's across his body even as he slammed to the ground rolling to a stop a few meters from where he had begun. If not for the softness of the forest green's he would have

likely been sporting more than a few broken bones. As it was, a few cracks were a mercy. "w...what the fuck hit." Groaned the redhead before a massive shadow fell over him seconds before a gigantic red pole slapped down against him, pinning his arms against his chest as his face was smushed into the ground, something heavy pinning his hips down as he gasped, only to taste hot musk dribbling into his lips from the slimy thing atop him. "Ugh Aggg it hurts ahh stop!" gasped the man trying to push the thing off even as it slid forwards the weight pinning him back into the grasss, as his hips were suddenly feed up between two warm orbs, the heat lapping out at his own shaft, second before squeezing it up yanking at it, as the mercyless things pushed up and up along him, before sliding back with the same monstrous weight, his hands sinking into it as it slid back milking fat drops of sweat and musk between his fingers till the tip was past his head, letting him blink up into the beasts panting face. The man's yell seemed to have no effect upon the slavering beast atop him, as wide eyes curled eagerly at the pleasure his tiny form was already giving to her. One jade, and one ruby eyes glaring hungrily down as she thrust her hips forwards, growling with pleasure as the pointed tip of her dick slapped into the man's face forcing it into the ground again as her horse sized hips bucked forwards smashing the pathetic male below her giant knotted shaft. Feeling even a bit of pride, without even understanding why, as the tiny poke of his own shaft slurped up between her knot providing a warm stroke that made her grunting tone deepen in reply. Her wide jaws open in above panting nakedly between growls and wet slaps, her tongue dangling out longer than the Man's arm and dribbling warm drool down between her cock and when his face and chest came back into view. Wetting them as her cock thrust again easier over the wetted flesh. "Wack! WACK! SLOP ARRRRR!" Growled the horny creature, pulling over six feet of knotted cock back, the tip already splattering thick spunk over the man's face, making him gasp and squirm to her delight. Whatever higher brain function that might have once allowed this creature to enjoy a teasing word, or domineering tone, seemed lost, the broken wet gurgles barely recognizable as attempts even as the giant canine smashed a clawed paw into the man's legs forcing a fresh cry to his lips that vanished into a gag, as he choked on the spunk still dribbling over his face. Helpless half blind he felt rather than saw himself being dragged back and turned over, the claws at his back heedless of the pain they caused as he felt two soft mountains squishing against his back before slapping down to smother his whole head. "Ahh no get off!" he managed, struggling to steal a breath, his face smushed between fat white breasts, the fur rough and too hot as it rubbed over his cheeks, making him feel faint, as the heat rose. The raw, taste and scent of sweat and unwashed fur choking every breath as he saw, through the valley of flesh the drooling maw lifting, a flash of curved purple hair bright against the darker brown and black of the beast's body. His mind flooding with an image of a kind of German shepherd or wolf before he felt a hard stab to his ass. The force jerking him forwards, his shoulders thrusting into the giantess's breasts squishing him even tighter as the thick pointed tip of the wolves' cock stabbed at his ass, dragging its wet tip along to poke before slipping up to slap hotly between her own two breasts. An angry growl bubbling above him as he saw the beasts fanged glare turning to him. As if he were somehow to blame for her cock slipping away even as she pulled it roughly back to thrust

again, this time stabbing into his ass and pushing down ramming his balls in a way that made him nearly vomit; the pain making his eyes water even as he wordlessly begged it to stop before. "ZUUUUZUUUU WARKTTTTZZZZZZZZ!" the booming howl, the wet roar just close enough to speech for him to gain a small understanding of the horny beasts meaning as he forced his own knees down enough to lift his ass, whimpering as he readied himself for what came next. Better this monster get what she "wants" rather that beating him slowly to death with her gigantic cock. Luckily, or not, for the redheaded man, his surrender was enough. As the next massive hump thrust over four feet of hardened canine shaft up into his ass, the tight red walls stretching fit to burst, jerking him forwards like a rag doll against her furry chest. His belly lurching down to provide room that wasn't there, even as his scream was replaced with a gurgle as the cum from before bubbled from his mouth and nose, dripping over his face as well as Zuzu'z giant breasts as she growled in approval, her hips hammering without pause into her new cock-holster. Growling huffs and hot meaty slaps filling the field as she bred the tiny man into the ground, her pre bloating his belly with every hot pump, milking it into his overstuffed stomach as the weight of her sent it flooding from his mouth and nose, any struggles long since dwindling to little jerks as she raped the thing below her as any feral beast might its helpless prey. 'oh god it hurts! Ahh she's going to kill me!' screamed the redhead, unable to even voice his fear, every breath a choking gasp, as his mouth bubbled with her thick wolfy spunk his arms squeezing painfully against her heavy breast, the soft curves somehow even worse for their texture as they squeezed him from both sides, seeming to tighten him round her cock, making the beast grunt in approval as her hips slapped harder and harder into his bruised ass. Deep black and blue marks already forming from where her bowling balls sized nuts were banging into him, every strike making him clench involuntarily as every muscle seized only tightening his ass round the canine's massive dick. Feeding her more pleasure with every painful pump till her tip stabbed harshly down and simply kept pressing, the boy's head jerking despite himself, as his whole body arched up. Save for Sin's insistence on modifying the toy's upon first capture this would have surely killed him. As it was, well something the mad bunny never cared much for was numbing the pain. "ZA- ZA ZAHHH ABDLABA!!!" slobbered the gigantic wolf, her front claws visibly flexing thick arms bulging as she pinned him down against the weight of her hips as her knot rammed to his asshole, the tiny opening already gaping from her ruthless pounding struggling to spread, the shock making the redhead manage to bit down through the milkshake thick see, against one of Zuzu's breasts... which. "ZZUZZUUU YyeYYYEZZZZ!" howled the wolf as the moon showed one clawed hand lifting before it was swinging down to crash into the boy's head ripping it from her breast as the stab of pleasure made her hips ram home, as with a wet snapping POP her knot forced itself inside him. The boy's legs jerking like caught fish as the wolf's own eyes rolled in pleasure feeling his pathetic ass clenching and pushing, rubbing along her massive meat, as it throbbed inside him, spearing up his throat to bubble out his mouth like a waterfall as she arched her back, bare pre splattered breasts bouncing under the moonlight as she ground her cockholder against the ground. Warm thick lines of saliva dribbling over her fat lips as she let her tongue loll out in an animalistic show of pleasure, as her hips jerked savoring the tug and grip of his tiny body even as she slammed a paw to the boy's back. The soft flesh giving under her, as his mouth erupted in a fresh spray of milky seed across the grass, before she was growling pleasantly pulling back and back, his ass straining as the ring bloated then!

*POP!* A wet sound of her knot pulling free, into the air, cum stuffed intside by it bubbling out over his destroyed ass before. *THWACK POP!* she thrust back forcing his ass to take not just the over five feet of canine cock, but her knot as well, in one hard thrust, that made the tiny thing below jerk and wiggle helplessly as she growled in approval. Her hips now yanking her knot in and out spreading the boy's ass wider and wider with each hard thrust. The wet popping clap filling the forest round as she ravaged him, her own fat knot hollowing his worthless rump into her own private fuck hole! "Zuuuu Zuuuu WARRRKKKKK!" roared the mis matched eyed canine as she groaned, her teeth clenching as her cock rose, and the first hot rope of pure feral cum exploded inside her prey. The booming howl rising along side the hard wet smell of sex flooding the clearing cum splattering out of her prey's mouth as she drug him round by her knot, hammering him into trees and over bends, even falling to her back to grab at him pumping him faster and faster her knot soon slipping easily in and out his ass so that is splatted with ease a wet suckle all that rose as she hollowed him out fresh ropes bursting from her cock bubbling over the long since fainted man, his form as well as the wolves coated in cum as she ravaged him on and on, before. A series of heavy thumps made the panting wolf look up, her eyes foggy with lust as she rose into a crouch, fur bristling as she struggled to catch a scent over the cum stained field. Her ears flicking as she finally heard another thump before. "I GOT IT!" cried a happy tone even as the beast let out a roar of anger feeling the tight thing round her cock vanishing with a yank, her paw slashing out feeling a moments resistance as a scream rose into the night sky! The feral woman turning eyes glowing with anger at this intruder as it tensed and then pounced claws outstretched to kill this thief and reclaim its prey! AS! "EEP!" gasped Libby as she was half tackled by a massive golden furred girl. The thump of their bodies echoing into the woods as the pair rolled, black, grey, and gold fur in a heap till after a moment the raccoon girl was pinned, looking up to see a pair of jaw's opening to. *LICK LICK LICK LICK* "GAhhh hehehe Skye hehe AHH COME ON DOWN GIRL!" giggled Libby lifting a hand from her breasts, where the three men were gasping at the sight of a nearly twenty five foot canine wiggling atop their savior, its long golden hair draped over a beautiful face open into a panting grin as it licked happily at the masked girls face. Miles away from their once redheaded companion the trio gazed up at a tongue broad enough to take them into its maw, playful as it teased their savior. "Libby back! Libby back! Skye missed you!" barked the mass of fur and eager greeting, as it sat back under the press of the girls hand. A heavy thump, soon joined by more swishing whomps as the massive canine's tail wiggled in time with her bouncing rump. Wiping a bit of slobber from her face Libby sat up

grinning at the happy girl. The golden canine practically wiggling with the force of holding herself from pouncing the new arrivals in a fresh storm of licks. 'Hehe well Skye missed you too, hehe but easy now, not every can take all of you like that see I brought more friends, you wouldn't want to squish them." Beamed Libby as she nodded down to the trio blushing against her bosom. The trio looking up, to see the massive pup's face looming over them, bright green eyes following the head in tilting as one ear flopped cutely over her face, even as the tongue poked out in a doggy grin. "Friends!" barked the golden retriever girl, thrusting her head down to nuzzle at the trio, drawing a cry of fear from them, even as the pup all but threw herself back. The massive beast tumbling onto her back, paws in the air with a worried look on her own face, as if she were about to be punished? The sight so confusing the trio's fear vanished behind honest shock even as Libby gave them a little squeeze, the warm press of her breasts making them look up to see her half hearted frown. "Now that was mean, you scared Skye, now be good boys and say your sorry." She huffed impossibly pushing herself up while dropping the three at her feet. Their heads no taller than her thighs turning from the nodding racoon to the downed pup, as it turned wide eyes upon them, impossibly...the giant girl was actually...whimpering? In all their lives under Sin not one had ever scene anything like this? A female giant looking up to them, and somehow...it felt...wrong seeing those wide eyes so scared? "Um...sorry for scaring you.." whispered the black haired boy, taking a step forwards, one hand still cradling his bloated belly as he reached to press a palm to the golden locks of the pup, giving her a gentle pat. The silken hair sliding between his fingers making him let out a genuine sigh, even as he felt her shifting. Watching as she sat up, soon towering over him, his hand sunk deep into her fluffy thigh as she blinked down a smile spreading across lips large enough to swallow him whole before. "FRIEND!" barked the pup plucking the boy up into her arms, and pulling him into a bone crushing hug between the furry valley of her breasts, the boy's gasp, smothered a second later by a warm softness, that instead of crushing him, enveloped him. Looking up he was greeted with something he'd never felt, a wet lick that pressed to his throat, fat and warm, her tongue sliding up over him, tugging a moan to his lips even as her tongue passed. Her hot breath seeming to cradle against his new wet face as he looked up at the panting pup's smile. Finding one of his own tracing across his lips. "Um...yeah Skye right..i'm Michael." He breathed seeing her all but wiggling with the swish of her tail. "Michael is nice! Michael can be Skyes!" barked the pup eyes widening as they turned to face the frowning raccoon girl, her arms crossing as she eyed the boy, rather than the pup. "Hey now, I thought I had first dibs, hehe but...Skye's a good girl so.." she smirked teasingly nodding her head a bit to indicate something below. Both the two boys below and Michael looking down to flush red at the thick nine feet of bouncing pink knotted shaft poking out between the pup's thick yellow thighs. "If you really want to be her friend I guess I could let you off the hook." Giggled Libby poking her tongue out at the black-haired boy, as he looked from the gigantic shaft...and up to the girls panting face, before

blushing hotly and looking to the side. "Um...well.. I mean, if she's gentle." Managed the boy before with a bark he was bouncing up even as Skye jumped to her feet, breasts teasing up his naked chest as she barked happily. "YAY Michael like Skye! Skye take good care of Michael!" barked the pup turning on her heal and stomping off into the forest, as Libby and the others followed, the raccoon giving them a friendly thumbs up even as they followed the new happy couple. A few hundred yards passing with only the happy barks and wet slap of her tongue, to accompany the heavy thumps of the two giantess's stride before the forest seemed to open a touch. A second later a few metallic clicks made the men stiffen as they saw bright glowing eyes opening in the darkness, as familiar mechanical groans rose into the forest round them. "Oh come on, its me!" called Libby folding her arms in a huff, her tail flicking behind her in agitation, even as Skye took a more...happy reply to the rising security robots. "HEY HEY I HAVE A NEW FRIEND EVERYONE COME MEET MICHAEL! HE'S SO CUTE! AND HE'S GOING TO PLAY WITH ME LOTS AND LOTS CAUSE I'M SO GOOD!" barked the pup pulling the black haired boy from her breasts and waving him above her long blonde haired head like a toy she was eager to show off. The replies from both Libby and Skye seeming to indicate something to the security as the crimson orbs watching them closed with a hiss, even as a grinding scratch of metal on metal rose into the air. Stepping back instinctively behind Libby's thick legs, the two boy's not held in Sky's soft arms watched speechless as a gigantic steel and stone door first flickered into view, before shifting, bits of overgrowth moving back, as vines snapped, and broke away from a wall that moments before both were sure wasn't there. The thunderous structure shifting open wider and wider, before with a series of clicks floodlights burst into life, filling the forest with harsh white light. "Libby! Hehe haven't scene you forever! Get that ringtail in here!" called a voice as the bandit girl grinned marching ahead, the two tiny's tagging along in her wake, as ahead Skye bounded in giggling with Michael hugged in her arms. Fighting to see through the harsh glare, the blonde and bunny were forced to blink the spots from their eyes till...they saw something that was impossible... There before them, were... men. But none like they had ever scene. These were smiling, clothed, an odd assortment of green and brown camo draped over everything from smooth flesh to thick fur, and scales, and beside, even above them were grinning faces of females. Some towering giant's like the pair marching in with them, others smaller, their forms even less than a few of the men, and covered unlike their fellows and yet...they weren't glaring with disgust or desire...instead. "Welcome!" called a voice as the bunny turned, nearly falling over, as he saw a mechanical monster of iron and steel, thick bipedal armor shifting with an open hatch showing a grinning feline, inside, her form likely no larger than his, her face lovely if a bit rough and what looked like only part of her left ear, even as across from this one another armored titan nearly the towering twenty five feet of Skye stood,

this one's hatch open as well to show a man's face frowning as it scanned the area illuminated, one armored limb lifted with what looked like some modified version of the cannon's he'd scene the security bots wielding. "EVERYONE LOOK LOOK I MADE A FRIEND!" barked Skye happily bouncing as those viewing chuckled whistling or laughing as they gave one another a few shoves, a cry of "pay up" and "dang it not again." Rising into the night even as the groaning roar rose behind as the doors slid shut. Walking through the camp was like moving through a fog for the pair as Libby led them deeper, Skye soon rushing off to show everyone and anyone her new friend, as their raccoon savior assured them that he was going to be fine with the golden. Given what they'd witnessed neither decided to debate the point. Soon the pair were passing by the small city of tents and into what appeared to be some kind of bunker, a few faded markings showing that it was likely some relic from before Sin's era. However, aside from the earthen and iron structure what drew the men's eyes more was the people round them... or more accurately the mix? As they passed, they saw a set of nearly a dozen furs and smooths all gathered round, dropping playing cards onto a table opposite a towering seventeen foot feline, her soft white fur, and dangerous black stripes striking an imposing figure. Even more so as she growled throwing down a single pair as a grinning man dropped a full house. For a moment both men expected the feline to simply flip the table and rape the poor man within an inch of his life...and that was if he were lucky. Instead she huffed, before with a proud and somehow teasing grin she yanked off her top, letting medicine ball sizes breasts bouncing into view, receiving cheers from the men as they gathered up the cards for another round of strip and fuck poker. "hehe, they keep going till one's naked then they get the Loser hehe, not that there is one." Giggled Libby sticking out her tongue even as her own cock bounced ahead, a few of those off to the sides waving at her, even a few men blushing as they wiggled winking at her as she passed. Each one making her smile as she waved happily at her friends and fans alike. Deeper into the compound the boy's nearly jumped out of their skin as a man's moaning cries rolled up from a series of massive metal crates. The heavy *phuft phuft phuft thump!* rising unmistakable as the sound of something's cock slapping into a tight little rump, even as they continued the crates rattling with every sound till they were passing on the other side, to see a massive sixteen foot mare, her silken black and white mane and tail flowing out like a river behind her, fluffy thick legs. The draft busy thrusting up and into the panting stallion in her arms, his moan's muffled, as his lips rose to press into the mare's dipping lips embrace. The pair sharing something neither men could quite recognize, even as they felt their heart flutter watching the woman's fat tongue sliding eagerly into the boy's mouth as his own coilded back round her, as he bounced on her pillar, his own buried into her bosom as the two hugged and humped into the military crates. "Um...wh..what was that.." mumbled the bunny blushing as he looked up past Libby's hips to see her glancing down at him, and then round to the fucking pair with a giggle. "Well...hehe its called a kiss silly." She giggled as if explaining something to someone very dim. The simple act something all but lost to many in this age, as they looked from the mare and stallion to their giant savior, idly flushing at the idea of being in the stallion's place.

Regardless soon the trio were stopping before a massively armored gate, a mirror to the one leading into the camp, as bolts thicker than even libby's huge form hissed and slid back as the structure shuddered and then slid apart to show a tall figure stepping out, draped in a long white lab coat which split open over a chest that once was no doubt beautiful. The fur soft and black, silken in view, and yet rough an patched round where a set of breasts must once have sat. Instead were scars, long and thick that ran up the figures throat, and to her lips were one tugged up to show the pointed tips of teeth closed round a smoking cigar thick as the boy's wrists. "Well Lib, see your out causing trouble for the bunny bitch." Smirked a fifteen foot rodent, her tail flicking behind as her one remaining eye moved from the smiling raccon to the boy's and then back, her ears flicking round to hear a distant cry of Skye barking about her new friend, as well as the unmistakable sound of that friends first moans as she introduced him to the pleasure of both her body and his. Shaking her head the rodent idly pulled her smoke free, a thick cloud billowing over her muzzle as she looked the girl up and down. "So, did the new tech work well enough? No unwanted appearances right?" she huffed as Libby shook her head happily. "Hehe nope I was all like *POW* and they were like "oh no who is this!" and I was like!" began libby happily as the rodent chuckled crossing arms over what had once been her chest, as she listened to the girls story, idly savoring every punch as if she had been the one to deliver it against Sin's work. Her old scars somehow less painful when she thought of hurting the bunny responsible for those like her. Women labled...unwanted and then 0stripped of everything in this new era. Well... not everything she supposed idly glancing back to her workshop where the mechanical war machines that had won Sin the world were getting a bit of an upgrade. "Well good that you saved three of them, hehe and I'm sure these two are really eager to pay you back." Winked the rat smirking at the two blushing boys as they gave little nods. "Hehe yep, shame about the last one but he was a total ass, and not the good kind! Hehe speaking of," smiled the racoon licking her lips as she eyed the two blushing boys, "come on guys time to give this girl what you promised, but don't worry I'll be gentle, hehe at first." Giggled Libby turning with a spin of that ring-tailed rump. "See you later Fey!" called the racoon giant, tugging the boys back to her own little spot in the base, leaving the rat to look from her off to the forest with a little frown. "Hmm ass hu, well ass your bad luck just do me a favor...and die out there." Huffed the rat woman turning back into her lab, idly accepting a tablet from one of the tiny workers as she went back to her desk. After all, what was one tiny mans life next to what still needed to be done. Meanwhile across the forest, over a massive set of wall, and into the bustling city, another female was thinking much the same as she bent grinning over a cage of whimpering men, idly rubbing her massive brown shaft along the bars, bright red eyes flicking from one to the next. "Mhmm lets see..eny, meany, miny...." Purred the hyena licking her lips as she moved her cock slowly to point its fat tip from one to the next, letting every shift come with a heavy stomp of her paw on the floor as she loomed over the cage. "Mhmm who's going to be the lucky toy to have all this.." she moaned rubbing up her hips to squeeze at her shaft, letting a few drops sprinkle into the cage even as she moaned, eyeing the terrified

men below, "rammed up their tight little throats till I've got the perfect creamy treat!" grinned the hyena girl snapping her jaws savoring the way the terrified men pushed back trying to force others into the front of the cage before. "OOOOUUUCCHHH!!! THAT HURT!" whined a childish voice dragging the red eyed woman's gaze round to where a greyish furred bunny was sniffing, even as across from her a white furred rabbit dabbed at a few long cuts on her arm with some alcoholic swabs. "Way to kill the mood Popo." Huffed Anna frowning, her fun with the toy's kinda losing its enjoyment with the bunny being the only one crying in the room. Her words, however, halting as she saw the glare from Juxta, as she lifted hands in mock surrender. "Fine fine, but really." huffed the girl jerking a thump over to the bloated redheaded mess in the corner, its eyes rolled back, showing the whites, as it sat all but fully lifeless against the wall dribbling the white spunk from Zuzu's mating across the floor. "Why even bring that back, its brain dead." Huffed the girl as Pope frowned. "Yeah well I didn't know that...ouch!" gasped the girl turning wet eyes round to see Juxta frowning at her. "Well just mark it off the list, whoever that was that stole them maybe they got caught like him by the ferals..honestly tangling with them is just nuts...remember that golden one from a month back, nearly took a bite from my leg." Huffed the white rabbit as Popo nodded her red-haired head in agreement. "Yeah Sin needs to mark off anywhere near those things, they're too rough!" whined the bunny even as the other two shook their heads in agreement. "Oh well, come on Popo, you'll be fit to go tomorrow for the party right! Hehe lets forget about this silly thing, after all what's three toys," she jerked a thumb back at the brain dead redhead, "well three and a half toys, hehe we'll break at least twice that many tomorrow anyway and have a good time doing it." Grinned the hyena as the bunny nodded happily with her friend, after all...this was still Sin's era. And there were always more toys in to enjoy ahead of them.
