Jay sighed and leaned his head down before throwing it back along with another shot. He used to have a few drinking buddies that would meet up every week or so at this bar but Waffle found a girlfriend or something, Maou was off hiking the Appalachian trail, and nobody had heard from Vic in a few weeks, the spoiled rich boy tiger probably off on a international vacation or something. That just left Jay, the little red panda moping to himself as he tapped the bar again, spinning in his barstool to look around the mostly empty bar. There were a few stragglers sitting around, a group playing pool, some dude making out with his girlfriend in the corner, dry humping the obviously moaning girl since they figured they could get away with it from how dead it was in here.

The panda curled his black and orange ringed tail around himself, sighing as he took his last shot and bounced to his feet. Maybe he could call somebody up and hang out with them this weekend, that would brighten his spirits much more than staying in this depressing space. The panda stretched his arms up as the crisp fall air hit him, it was PERFECT hoodie weather, something the fluffy little guy had been waiting for all year. With his mood lightening as he started to walk down the street the panda found himself smiling and looking up at his fogging breath against the night sky. Something about autumn nights was just so beautiful that he couldn’t help but feel nice and relaxed.

Maybe a bit too relaxed. As evidenced by the fact that he didn’t notice someone following him. In his defense, the figure was wearing all black, his fur just as dark as his clothing, the only thing standing out in the night air was the white fibers of his ripped jeans and the glistening white fangs behind his terrible smile. Jay only really noticed something was off when he saw people crossing the street to get away from him. Jay himself was barely 5 and a half feet tall, built slightly stronger than your average twig and carried an aura of squeezable adorability that he never ran into this kind of treatment. The panda tilted his head as he tried to think of what could be making people shy away from him, he looked down to check that his fly wasn’t down, lifted an arm to make sure he didn’t stink. By all means he should be fine\!

A pair of clawed hands GRABBING around his chest and muzzle quickly made Jay realize what was scaring everyone away. Before he could even make a peep he was whisked away into an alley and pinned to a wall behind a dumpster, his view of the street fully cut off. In front of the now terrified panda was a set of gleaming teeth, smiling in an unsettling way that made his skin crawl. A set of amber eyes stared down at him, wide and unhinged, making for an uncanny look on the square-muzzled feline’s face. 

“Make a noise and I tear your throat out, try to fight back and I’ll break every bone in your body. Be a good little bitch and listen to everything I say and we’ll both walk out of this nice and happy\~” The man growled at Jay, his voice low and quiet, Jay feeling that voice in his chest more than he heard it in his ears. The terrified panda nodded, not wanting to see what those flashing teeth were capable of. This cat, a black leopard by the subtle spots only visible when the light shined over his sleek fur, had at least a foot of height and a good hundred pounds on Jay. While he wasn’t JACKED, he was filled out enough to be more than threatening. As the cat’s hands pulled away from Jay’s muzzle, a deep, growling purr started to roll in the cat’s chest, the monster radiating a warmth that made the air between him and Jay muggy and heavy.

“Good girl\~ I knew you’d be reasonable\~ Now let’s talk about what you can do for me\~” The cat’s voice was unsettling, a growl behind every word even as he was talking slowly and steadily. His tone was like if someone was trying to be flirty but only knew how to threaten, granted, his claws gripping and YANKING Jay’s shirt over his head didn’t help. Jay tried to just let it happen, not wanting to get hurt, figuring he was just being mugged for everything he had on him. That is, until he heard a ZIP\! The panda gulped and refused to look down as he felt a warm, pulsing WEIGHT drop onto his newly naked stomach and chest. Fuck\! By the feel of it that thing was damn near as thick as his torso\! He knew the cat was bigger than him, but this was ridiculous\! 

“Go ahead girly\~ Drop to your knees and give me a kiss, maybe if you do a good enough job I won’t break all of your holes\~” The cat growled as a clawed hand PRESSED down on Jay’s head. The panda struggled against that grip, trying to stay standing, trying not to look down, only for his knees to buckle under the cat’s strength and that heavy dick to FLOP onto the bridge of his muzzle. The smell damn near knocked the panda out, the concentrated masculinity mixed with the slightly metallic smell of the monster’s sheath fluids made Jay gag and cough, only eliciting a chuckle from his captor. Now that he was face to face with it, Jay realized he had every right to be as scared as he was. The cat’s dick was MASSIVE\! A barbed, brutal looking shaft as thick as the panda’s forearm and a huge, twitching, swelling knot as big as Jay’s HEAD\!

“Tick tock little bitch\! You got five minutes to try and make me cum before I rip off your pants and make you my BROODBITCH\!” The cat threatened, placing one of his hands on the wall above Jay’s head as the other one grabbed around his knot, SLAPPING that drooling, wet dickmeat against the panda’s face. Jay winced and whined, his jaw quivering as he realized escape was impossible, knowing what he had to do. Timidly, slowly, the panda lifted his hands to grab hold of that dick, feeling it twitch and radiate a sickening warmth into his hands. He closed his eyes as that cock shot a rope of oily precum over his face, ruining his fur and no doubt making it smell just like this disgusting cock. With his heart sunk into his stomach and his ears lowered flat to his head, Jay pursed his lips and gave that throbbing, drooling tip a light kiss.

Jay was no stranger to sucking dick, but usually it happened on HIS terms, not at the hands of some damn near rabid animal too horny to try courting him. Hell, this cat WAS handsome after all, if he bought Jay a drink, maybe learned how to flirt properly without sounding like a murderer, Jay might even be in the same position he was now\! Just, significantly more willing. “Cmon, I know that’s not all you got\!” The cat teased as Jay felt the claws of that monster grab around the back of his head, slowly pushing inch after inch of that textured, twitching dick across the panda’s tongue. A tear started to form in Jay’s eye as he opened them again, watching that jaw-breaking knot grow closer as his hands PRESSED against the rough fabric of the cat’s ripped jeans. He could feel the strength of those legs underneath, he knew his feeble arms would be powerless to resist if he started to thrust.

“Do I really have to do EVERYTHING?\!” The cat growled, his tone dropping any pretext of playfulness as both of his hands GRABBED around and squished Jay’s head. The panda braced himself and clenched his eyes shut as he felt the cat tense up. A powerful THRUST made Jay cough and gag, feeling his throat get violated and BULGED out with that horrid dick. ‘FUCK this thing is thick\!’ Jay thought as he grabbed at his bulging neck, feeling his neck throb in unison with the dick that was distending his skin. If he was allowed a few seconds to get used to it, Jay was sure he would be able to get used to even this cat’s LOG of a dick, but he was NOT ready for the cat to YANK his hips back. Those soft, fleshy barbs snagged and YANKED at his soft-fleshed throat, causing Jay to gag and HEAVE forwards, doubling over on his hands and knees as the cat THRUST into the air above him.

Jay’s throat felt like it was on fire, his hands grabbing at his neck as he coughed and panted, needing air but also needing to find a way to quench the scratchiness in his throat. The cat was NOT amused at how pathetic Jay’s performance was, a heavy boot STEPPING onto the panda’s back to PUSH him down to the dirty alley street, face down. “Pathetic little BITCH\! How are you gunna walk around flaunting that ass without even being trained on how to take a dick?\!” The cat growled and stepped off of the coughing panda, grabbing him by the head in one hand and lifting his struggling body past his shaky feet. Jay’s legs kicked in the air as he felt those claws sink into his skull, the PRESSURE of that grip causing his eyes to bug out and go wide.

The cat’s smile had faded, in its place was a disappointed SCOWL, furrowed brow, annoyed “Tch” coming from the corner of his mouth. He was clearly annoyed, almost exactly like when you order a product and find it broken in shipping, he was looking at Jay like he was nothing more than a broken tool. Something he would have to fix himself or just discard. Jay felt his back hit the cold brick wall as the cat damn near RIPPED his pants off, letting the panda feel that overwhelming heat twitch under his ass. Jay’s legs were forced to wrap and grab around the cat’s hips to alleviate the pressure on his head, the cat’s bulky body pressing him against the wall, adjusting himself to start BREAKING that panda’s poor hole.

“W-wait, n-no\! PLEASE\!” Jay whined before the hand grabbing his head SLAMMED his neck back against the wall. The panda tried to fight back, his arms not having enough room to put any force behind his punches, doing little more than slapping at the cat’s growling chest. “I gave you your chance bitch\! You failed me and now it’s time I BREAK you\!” The cat growled, catching one of Jay’s forearms in his teeth and BITING down on it, causing the panda’s vision to go WHITE with pain. This was it, he was going to get brutally fucked by this unhinged cat in this alley, likely broken and left lying limp in the cold night air.

“UNNAUQ\! Leave the little thing alone, we gotta get home now\!” A stern voice hollered out, easily covering the neighboring three blocks with the booming, thunderous shout. The black cat groaned and let Jay fall to the ground in the pile of his clothes, awkwardly stuffing his dick back into his pants to bulge out and make a mess of the fabric all the way down to his knee. “But DAD\!”

Standing in the alley, his arms folded and his glare even more intense than the black cat’s, was a GIANT beast of a snow leopard. Jay had to fight to stay conscious as he watched the black cat, the monster that was just about to violate him and leave him for dead, fold his ears and trudge out of the alley. The snow leopard grumbled and leaned down, gently cupping a finger under Jay’s chin to inspect him. The new cat’s steely blue eyes stared into Jay’s soul, the man was built like a brick HOUSE\! His shirt was desperately trying to stay in one piece as it clung to his muscular frame.

“You poor thing\~ Sorry about my boy, he’s a free spirit, doesn’t like listening to me since he turned twenty.” The snep easily scooped Jay up into his arms, the naked panda staring in amazement as he was cradled in a single arm, held softly against that warm, rock-hard chest. The panda couldn’t think of anything to say\! His adrenaline rush was wearing off, his body feeling the following exhaustion as he started to doze off, he felt… safe, in this giant’s arms. Even more so when he felt the deep, rumbling purr roll through his chest, a rough, wide tongue starting to lick through and groom the panda’s fur back to normal. 

“He got your arm didn’t he? Don’t worry little one, I’ll get you nice and wrapped up, maybe some new clothes too…” The snep’s voice was so comforting, so genuine, the soft warmth radiating off of him carrying a scent of safety. Warm, earthy and a tinge of salty sweat. Jay sighed and nuzzled into this hunk’s chest, rescued by his literal white knight, rubbing his cheek against that warm chest as his body finally let him pass out.

When Jay woke up next he was wrapped TIGHT in something. The smell of that massive snow leopard still hung in his nose and his head was resting on something nice and soft. When he tried to yawn and stretch he felt his arms locked to his sides by some kind of cable or something\! It wasn’t tight, but after the night he just had it was surely concerning. With a bit of struggling, Jay managed to get his arms free from his bindings, noticing that his forearm was wrapped in a bandage. The panda was nice and warm, obviously on a bed since what he was laying on was so soft, but he couldn’t move around as much as he wanted.

Everything became clear though as he heard a loud, rolling snore and felt those steel cables SQUEEZE around his chest in a tight embrace. The hunk that saved him took him home, wrapped up his wound and was now snuggling up in bed with him\! The panda tried to wiggle his way away from the giant cat, pressing his hands onto the stud’s forearms to try and PUSH his way free. All he got for his trouble was a pain in his bite wound and a tight SQUEEZE pulling him back into that warm, fluffy chest.

While all Jay wanted to do was get up and run back to his own home to sleep off the close, terrifying encounter of the previous night, he could find some comfort in the snep’s grip. It was a bit concerning that he was still naked, a bit more that the hunk holding him down was also naked, but he figured the big guy just didn’t have any clothes that fit him. Understandably so. As Jay accepted his fate as a teddybear for the giant stud, he started to feel and caress those giant hands holding on to him. Thick, powerful hands, sheathed claws and stubby fingers made those murder-mitts the size of his chest in both width and area. The grip the big guy hand on his body was tight enough to be considered a vice, every now and then squeezing to make Jay squeak softly. But overall, it was comfortable.

Jay wiggled back down into his small spoon position, cuddled and squeezed tight in those powerful arms. Secured, protected, and every now and then, the stud would purr softly and lick the fur on top of Jay’s little head, ensuring his safety, letting the panda know wordlessly; ‘I got you’. With the comfy bed under him, the rock wall of a hunk behind him, the warm, masculine smell of that hunk around him and the warm vibrations of those occasional purrs rolling through him, Jay slowly faded off to sleep again, content to wait for this hunk to wake up and let him go. He was so confident in this for some reason, something about the snow leopard comforted and soothed him. Maybe it was his smell, maybe it was that he was pretty easy on the eyes, maybe it was the warm tone of his voice when they first met. Jay realized just as he faded off again that he might be developing a little crush on the big guy, even if he kinda kidnapped him…

When Jay next woke up he was alone in the bed, curled up in the warm divot that the hunk had left him. With a yawn and a stretch Jay sat up, taking in a deep breath only for his nose to be greeted with a HEAVY smell lingering in the air. The snep’s natural musk was smooth before, gentle, obvious yet not stingingly so. But now, Jay’s nose crinkled at the density of that smell in the air. As he opened his eyes to see the giant hunk humming and stripping out of his jogging shorts the little panda let out an “EEP\!” in surprise. Every inch of the leopard’s beautiful white fur was slicked down to his iron-cable looking muscles underneath. The sweat dripped off of his beautifully chiseled figure as he walked around naked\!

Jay got a GOOD look at the big guy, pulling the covers up on himself as if he would turn invisible if he didn’t move. The cat’s face was HANDSOME to say the least. A beautiful, powerful jawline, high cheekbones and those steely eyes asserted this aura of masculine beauty that couldn’t be ignored. His eye had a claw-scar over it, three distinct scratches that luckily didn’t seem to damage the eye itself. On his opposite cheek he had a cross-scar as well, filling out that manly look of a rugged, weathered yet powerful face. And yet, on top of his head were a pair of ADORABLE looking, rounded and black-tipped ears filled with the softest looking fluff Jay had ever seen. 

Admiring that face left Jay’s mouth hanging open, but once the leopard noticed Jay was awake, the warm smile and bright expression that face took made the panda relax once more. “Awake again? Good\! Hope you don’t mind but I kept you in my bed to make sure you’d be safe\~” The snep smiled and walked over to the edge of the bed, the smell of his natural, earthy, salty, sweaty musk overpowering Jay’s nose, making the panda cough a bit. “Of course you’re free to go, but I’d ask that you stay for breakfast\! My treat, it’s the least I could do\~ Name’s Uncia by the way\~” His voice was so warm and inviting, a subtle chuckle with every word he spoke, even with the humidity in the air rising due to his massive, sweaty bulk, his voice stayed warm and soft.

At this point, however, Jay wasn’t paying much attention to the snow leopard’s words. As the panda coughed and tried to clear his nose from that musk, his eyes drifted down the stud’s body. Down from that handsome face, past those twitching pecs, past those washboard abs, and down to a heavy, rounded and fluffy sheath. After what he saw last night, Jay wasn’t really surprised at the size of the big cat’s sheath, rather the pair of HEAVY, twitching nuts underneath. Those damn things were hanging down to the snep’s KNEES\! The thick coat of fur covering them slicked down just like the rest of the stud’s coat, dripping peaks dangling underneath those heavy, BREEDER nuts.

“Oh? I see you have your own breakfast plans\~” Jay realized he was staring directly at the snep’s crotch for a bit too long, but in his defense, the hunk DID put that heavy package two inches away from his face\! How was he supposed to NOT stare at it\! As Jay tried to rip his eyes away, one of those firm hands grabbed onto the top of his head. No claws, no squeezing, just ruffling his head and holding him still, keeping his eyes locked as the pink, tapered, barbed tip of the giant feline’s endowment started to grow from his sheath. 

“N-no I just\!” The snep crouched down, leveling his face with Jay’s, a warm smile on his lips as he pulled the panda into a surprisingly BAD kiss. Given the snep’s seductive advances and tendencies so far, Jay expected something better than getting his muzzle more or less NOMF’d and his mouth filled with that rough tongue. The panda didn’t know if he wanted to pull away, give in, or simply laugh at how terrible the big cat was at kissing, but his hesitation lasted longer than the leopard’s attempt at a kiss anyway. The stud stood up fully, his fists on his hips, his chest puffed out in pride, and his member pulsing and throbbing in the air.

While the black leopard’s member was oversized to the point of deadly, this hunk was packing something more reasonable. Even though his sheer size made his endowment bigger than anything Jay could ever muster, the tapered shape of that barbed, pink, nigh foot-long member was something the panda could at least comprehend compared to the terrifying sight he saw last night. Maybe it was that he was just used to the snep’s scent by now, but the warm musk radiating off of Uncia’s crotch felt so… inviting as it wafted over Jay’s face. 

“You going to help yourself or just put a stain in my sheets?” The snep teased, pointing down to Jay’s own shamelessly twitching erection tenting the leopard’s bedsheets. Jay instantly scrambled to cover himself, as if he wasn’t in a stranger’s bed, sniffing at a stranger’s nuts inches away from his face, debating with himself if he should suck this stranger’s dick as a way of repayment for his heroics last night. A hearty chuckle filled the room as Uncia held a hand on Jay’s cheek, a thick thumb softly petting the panda’s fur as those steely blues stared down at him. “Here, let me help you\~”

The warm, salty taste of leopard precum and sweat once again fell upon Jay’s tongue, the panda’s hands reaching up to press onto those iron thighs, though this time, not to push away. Uncia had done it so easily, speaking either to the big cat’s suave nature or how easy it was to convince Jay. Either way, Jay let out a soft moan as he felt that tapered length slowly slide on his tongue, pressing its very tip against the tight back of his throat, feeding him pulse after pulse of warm, salty precum. With that soft hand holding onto his face and that stern yet tender face looking down at him, Jay gulped down the first mouthful of pre he had been given by the giant hunk.

“Good boy\~ Now brace yourself\!” With the same abrupt tone shift that Jay experienced from that terribly sloppy kiss, all the gentle, tender feelings he got from the snow leopard flew out the window. Uncia’s second hand wrapped around Jay’s other cheek to hold his head still, a powerful THRUST sending that pulsing, barbed dick right down Jay’s throat to cause the panda to GAG aloud. Jay wiggled and tapped the stud’s thighs as he was humped and gyrated against, his nose buried in the thick, sweat-saturated fur of the snep’s sheath as the big hunk let him slowly get used to the pulsing bulge in his neck.

“Good booooy\~ Breathe through your nose now\~” The hunk cooed as he gently rolled his hips against Jay’s face, humping just enough to squish the poor panda’s nose into that FRAGRANT sheath fur, clouding the panda’s thoughts with the deep, refined, earthy smell of snep musk. Soon Jay’s eyes started to roll in his head as he breathed in lungful after lungful of that heavy scent, his hands sliding off of the snep’s thighs as his gagging stopped altogether. Uncia took this as a sign that Jay was relaxed enough for the fun to begin, pulling his hips back slowly, letting the panda’s throat get used to the abuse his barbs naturally inflicted. Only to THRUST back down into the panda’s throat like he was slamfucking a fleshlight\!

The snep adjusted himself, getting onto the bed and straddling Jay’s torso, leaning the panda back a bit and kneeling on either side of him. Jay was puddy in the big cat’s hands, he couldn’t resist, even if he wanted to at this point, his mind so numbed with that beautifully masculine smell, his throat gripping and gulping down shot after shot of that salty precum. He had no doubt that the snep would follow through with his promise of a FULL breakfast, especially when he felt those heavy, churning, clenching nuts rest their weight on his chest. Jay’s whole body was limp, his arms hanging by his side, his head getting bounced and thrust into, twisted and turned this way and that as the stud used his throat. Even as his vision turned hazy from the lack of fresh air and the pleasure of being used to pleasure someone so much more powerful, Jay could see those beautiful blue eyes staring down at him, that stern face hiding a hint of satisfaction. He was doing a good job\~

Jay nearly passed out a few times as the stud growled and bucked and purred and thrust. The abuse of his throat was making his head spin as his lungs were forced time and time again to drink in nothing but pure, undiluted snow leopard breeder musk. Jay’s hands slowly and shakily raised up to grab around those massive thighs on either side of his body, holding on for dear life as he was used as a rutting tool for this borderline feral breeding. After what seemed like ages though, Uncia’s thrusts became more compact. No longer was he pulling all the way back until only his tip remained in the panda’s mouth, now he was grinding and humping, feeling the panda gulp and swallow his entire length to milk out the last bit of pleasure he needed.

Jay’s head felt those powerful hands SQUEEZE him for a moment, whether as a warning or as a natural reflex, he wasn’t sure, but seconds later that dick began to PULSE in his throat. Jay’s eyes squeezed shut as he drank in the last tainted breath he would get for at least a couple minutes. Uncia’s load was just as impressive as Jay thought it would be, the snow leopard’s nuts CLENCHING up off of the panda’s chest only to fall back down, each clench sending what felt like an open fire hydrant of jizz down the choking panda’s throat. Jay’s hands grabbed at his stomach, feeling it swell easily with the overflow of spunk. A single gag was all it took for two rockets of the thick, salty spunk to shoot from his nose, cutting off any ability he had to breathe until Uncia pulled out. 

It felt like hours before Uncia finally pulled his hips back, huffing and sighing as he wiped his cumsoaked dick on the coughing panda’s face. “Good boy\~ I’m off to the shower now, I’ll let you digest your breakfast\~ Feel free to join me\~” The hunk shimmied off the bed and leaned down to softly lick the top of the coughing, spunk-spewing panda’s head, a gentle reminder of his loving side even as Jay fought for air from being choked half to death. Uncia cracked a smile and started to whistle again as he gathered his clothes and towel, striding confidently to the bathroom, his junk still bouncing and drooling a trail of spunk between his heavy footsteps.

Jay collapsed backwards and tried to catch his breath, laying in the sweat-drippings of that stupid, sexy hunk that just fed him, probably quintupling his daily need of calories all at once. The bed still smelled like that sexy bastard and his mouth still tasted like the hunk’s seed. With a grumble Jay felt his body betraying his annoyance, his dick ROCK HARD under those sheets. The panda grumbled and reached down, closing his eyes and rolling his tongue around his mouth, turning his head to sniff at the sweat drops on the bed, tasting that thick, salty spunk in his maw. Jay’s toes curled as he blew a load all over the sheets, adding to the already massive mess that the bed had become, trying to act like jerking off to the smell and taste of that hunk was somehow an act of defiance since he ‘messed up the bed’.

Jay started to nod off again, the warmth, the smell, the softness, the gurgling fullness in his gut. It was all so comfortable, everything about Uncia somehow made the little panda forget all of the problems he had, that hunky body so perfect for nuzzling up against to forget everything. As he laid there, fantasizing about the hunky leopard that was only a room away, thinking about standing up to waddle his little ass into the shower to hug onto that giant body once more, Jay shook his head. Surely he wasn’t falling head over heels for this dumb hunk, surely he was just musk-drunk or something. His throat did feel a bit scratchy from the rapid thrusts of that barbed dick still, he should probably just waddle his ass home before the big hunk wanted to go for another round.

Just as Jay was about to sit up he felt a hand GRAB around his ankle and YANK him out of the bed. The panda barely had time to cover his head before it THUNKED to the ground, his fur sliding across the hardwood floor. Jay could barely see over his inflated belly, but what he could see made his heart SINK. That terrifying black cat was dragging him outside, tossing him into the grass and standing over him with a SCOWL on his face, one of his clawed feet STOMPING down on Jay’s chest to keep the panda still and scared.

“You fucking TEASE\! Gagging and shying away from my dick and then gulping down one of my dad’s loads like a nursing kit?\! I’ll show you to blueball me MEAT\!” The black leopard growled as he STOMPED down on the panda’s chest, forcing his mouth open as the air was forcibly knocked out of him. The monster of a cat yanked down his pants and once again whipped out the fucking WEAPON that he called a dick. Now that he had something to actively compare it to, Jay realized that this beast had his father’s dick, just with that MASSIVE knot added onto it. The thought of that knot coming anywhere near him made Jay wiggle and whimper, his body still weak from the massive sloshing gut-full of spunk he was trying to digest, unable to move as Unnauq tilted his head back and let out a loud sigh.

Jay’s eyes went wide as he realized what was happening a half second too late. His hands reached up to cover his face. A hot, acrid, bitter, steaming flow of cat piss started to flow and splatter over Jay’s face and chest, marking his fur with that awful stench. “Ahhh\~ There we go\! Now whenever you even THINK about resisting, the smell of your own fur will remind you of your PLACE\!” The black leopard growled as he moved his foot from Jay’s chest, hooking those dexterous toes and sinking those claws into Jay’s wrists to pull his hands away from his face. Jay coughed and gagged, turning his head this way and that, trying to avoid catching any of that bitter, disgusting mark in his mouth or nose, failing on both accounts.

By the time that disgusting flow stopped, Jay was sputtering and coughing, trying to roll over to get that mark off of his face and out of his mouth and nose. Unnauq wasn’t letting him though, the cat crouching over his chest, letting that dick FLOP on the coughing panda’s face. That terrifying, evil grin was plastered over his face as he tapped his dick against the panda’s face. “Now since you bitched out last time, I’m not going easy on you this time\~” The black leopard growled, humping his hips forward and grinding and wiping the last dribbles of piss on the panda’s already soaked cheek. Jay whined and tried to struggle, the leopard sitting on his chest, stopping him from being able to move at all. 

“Don’t worry, Dad takes a WHILE in the shower, we got all the time in the world for me to BREAK you\~” The leopard growled, assuring Jay that his white knight wouldn’t be saving him this time. Jay realized how spoiled he was with Uncia, the bigger hunk so gentle despite his size, his scent so comfortable and soothing, Unnauq seemed to take NOTHING from his father besides his bulk. The black leopard’s voice was in a state of constant threatening, his dick a terrifying shape that struck fear into the panda’s heart. His claws were always out, always teetering on puncturing the poor panda’s skin, and his SMELL. While Uncia smelled like a warm mix of earthy and natural musk, Unnauq’s musk had a bitter stench to it, a tinge of iron in the scent that made his fur smell like it had a tinge of blood on it. All in all, probably not an unlikely thing either.

“Now open up faggot, I want to feel your jaw BREAK around my knot\!” Unnauq’s words cut like a knife as he didn’t even bother to wait, grabbing Jay’s jaw and SQUEEZING until the panda’s mouth was forced open. The taste of that bitter mark was still on the cat’s tip, making Jay’s muzzle scrunch up and struggle, his hands pressing against the big cat’s waist to try and hold him off, to no avail. Now that his tip was in the panda’s mouth, Unnauq adjusted himself, stepping around the panda and YANKING his head back to get ready to swab the poor boy’s throat. Unnauq’s hands gripped and held Jay’s head in the air, letting the panda’s upside-down eyes see the cat’s clenching, overful sack. Surprisingly, still not as big as his father’s though.

Also unlike his father, Unnauq didn’t waste a second to let Jay adjust to his taste, his size, or his barbs. A sudden THRUST in bulged out Jay’s throat and made the panda’s hands flail and slap at the cat’s thighs, the struggling only fueling the cat’s sadism as he GRIPPED the panda’s bulging throat. With Uncia, the stud had given Jay the chance to adjust, to learn how to breathe with his throat mostly clogged, with Unnauq, that luxury was a distant memory. The growling beast started to SLAM his hips back and forth instantly, choking and tugging his barbs into Jay’s soft, already sore throat with reckless abandon. If it weren’t for the bit of ‘practice’ a few minutes ago that Jay got with Uncia, the panda would likely be puking up his breakfast from the assault on his throat.

“Nice and tight\! Good bitch\~” Unnauq growled as his hand CLAMPED around the struggling panda’s throat, squeezing the bulge he was putting in Jay’s neck to further squeeze on his own shaft. He was using the panda’s mouth as nothing more than a fleshlight, his other hand soon wrapping around that previously skinny neck, his claws sinking into that tender flesh as his thumbs rubbed the dick-bulge he was putting in it.

Jay’s face was being assaulted by those massive, swinging nuts as well. Even though he had just been huffing the musk-drenched fur of Uncia’s sheath, Unnauq’s stench was VIOLATING his nose. Where as Uncia smelled like fresh, well worked sweat and strength, Unnauq smells stale, no doubt the smells of his previous victims still stained into his crotch, the smell of dried spittle, dried spunk, and most terrifying, BLOOD. Jay whined and struggled all he could, his throat on FIRE and his lungs sharing the same fate, this fucking leopard was trying to KILL him\! Slowly though, Jay’s struggles faded along with his vision, the lack of air getting to him as he choked and sputtered on that dick.

The only thing keeping Jay awake at this point was the constant SLAP against his muzzle by those heavy nuts, that and the SEARING pain of the beast trying to CRAM his knot into Jay’s jaw. The panda’s mind was racing, his fear welling in his chest, he knew that if he passed out now, there was a good chance this beast would knot his throat and choke him to DEATH\! There was a solid chance that if he fell asleep again, he wouldn’t wake up\! 

“Good bitch\! I can feel that fear in you\~ That adrenaline rush before I END you is making your throat squeeze me JUUUST right\!” The cat snickered as he pulled all the way out, ripping his barbs free to let his tip drool and spurt thick, salty ropes of precum into the panda’s gasping maw. Jay choked and sputtered, his vision coming back as a fresh breath of air, no matter how tainted, invigorated his body. His freedom of breathing was short lived though as the leopard SLAMMED his hips forward again, bumping that oversized knot against Jay’s lips, threatening to punch his teeth down his throat with the sheer FORCE of that thrust.

“Sooner you \-HNNG- Take my \-F-FUCK\!- knot, the sooner you \-NNNF\!- get to chug another \-HRRFF\!- Load you cum thirsty SLUT\!” The leopard started to huff and pant as he teased, his claws sinking into the side of Jay’s neck, letting the panda feel the warmth of his own blood trickling down his neck. Where getting humped and pumped by Uncia was in that nice, warm bed, surrounded and beset upon by that hunk’s radiating warm body, Unnauq let the cold autumn morning air damn near FREEZE the panda’s body while laying him on the cold hard ground. Jay was NOT safe with this beast, nowhere near it, hell at this point he was kicking himself for even staying in the house so long\! If he didn’t submit to that stupid hunk’s advances he could have been safe and sound in his own home by now\!

Almost as if reading his mind, Unnauq began to growl again. “Now that I marked you SLUT, I’ll be able to find you wherever you hide\~ Soon you’ll be able to take my knot without crying like the BITCH you are\!” The cat pulled back to deliver every ounce of his toned body’s power into a THRUST. Jay’s jaw BURNED with pain as his vision flashed white. His entire head felt so hot, his throat felt like it was on fire, and he could FEEL that throbbing mass clogging his maw sinking all the way down to his COLLARBONE\! 

With his knot firmly secured, Unnauq doubled over and started to HUMP Jay’s head, stuffing and threatening to compress the poor panda’s spine as he jostled and tugged with those stiffening barbs. Jay gagged and choked, his vision slowly fading, not that he could see anything besides those massive, clenching black nuts resting on his face. He could feel his gut once again SWELLING, threatening to burst as his body gave him one last burst of energy. Jay struggled and flailed for a moment, his arms lashing out to try and get that oversized knot out of his throat, only for that final spark to dissipate, leaving him to fall unconscious while he choked and was forced to gulp down another massive load of cat spunk.