The gold of Jay’s ring tapped on the bar counter as he sat there, slumped over the cold, slightly sticky counter. The red panda was having a bit of trouble with his wife, he usually didn’t even drink but this was a special occasion. He needed to be somewhere with people, some white noise to distract him from his deeper thoughts. The bass from the DJ boomed in his chest as he took a deep sigh and sat up straight, downing the shot he’d been swirling around with a wince. It was nice to be in public while feeling like this usually, a little because it was nice to be around people but also because he knew he was attractive and seeing people steal glances helped him out with a bit of confidence that he was sorely lacking right now. 

Of course he would never ACT on any of these people’s advances, pushing away girls with a chuckle and politely informing men that he was married and straight. His dark brown rings through orange-red fur were contrasted by the bright cream coloring on his cheeks and the little cream winged emblem on his chest that peeked through the V neck of his shirt. A quick survey around the room let him see a few eyes looking at him that quickly turned away when he met their gaze. A cocky smile started to grow out of the grumbling moping face he had been wearing while face down on the bar. 

That cocky grin turned to a bit of confusion and then to concern as Jay met a gaze that didn’t look away from him. Across the bar, seated in a corner at one of the tables, was a pitch black cat whose amber eyes stared back with a wanton disregard for social etiquette. The cat wasn’t BAD looking per se, he was kinda cute in a way, his soft looking face and scruffy, curly hair peeking out from under his beanie gave him a little bit of a rusty charm. But Jay felt a bit offended if he was being honest that this cat thought they were in the same league\! Maybe it was the liquor talking, or the fact that he needed a win right now, but Jay decided to stand up and make his way over to the cat alone in his little corner. Jay wasn’t exactly tall, a little shorter than average and was pretty much built like a well-balanced twig, but he was graced with the hips of a woman twice his size. Those hips and his thick, ringed tail swayed as he made his way over to the cat, leaning over a chair and smiling, trying to make the cat realize how out-of-his-league he was shooting for. 

By the time Jay got to that chair and kept his eye contact with the cat, he was feeling a bit of concern that the house cat wasn’t even blushing, in fact, he was leaning back with a smug smile on his face. “Now there’s a girl who knows what she wants when she sees it\~ Lemme guess, getting back at Daddy with a quick fling? I should warn you though, once you go Black you’ll NEVER go back\~” The cat’s voice was smooth but it felt odd for a house cat to have such a confident energy, especially one wearing a thick red leather collar. Jay recoiled at the comment and pulled a hand to his chest, not even knowing WHERE to start dismantling that comment. 

“First of all, I’m a GUY\! Second, I have a WIFE, not a ‘Daddy’ and being black has nothing to do with the fact that I don’t want you EYE FUCKING me from across the room\!” Jay’s voice was a little higher pitched than he would have wanted but he puffed his meager chest out with pride with how well he thought he handled everything. A loud THUMP cut through the music as the cat sat up, shifting his legs under the table with considerable effort before leaning forward onto his hands, that cocky smile getting WIDER. “Oh? A little fag with hips like yours is gunna claim to be straight?\! I got news for you though, sheet metal is straight until a BLACKsmith hits it with a HAMMER. So what, you just came over to complain? You’re gunna pretend you’re not curious?”

“LISTEN HERE ASSHOLE\!” Jay started with a huff before the cat stood up from the table, having almost a foot in height over the panda and making him stop mid rant from being forced to flick his head back to hold eye contact. “You can call me Sushi for now, but soon you’ll just call me ‘Glk grlk’ isn’t that right bitch?” The cat’s advances were relentless\! Standing this close to him also made Jay’s nose burn a bit, the asshole of a cat smelled FOUL\! Like if an open locker room door was a person and it seemed to be getting worse the more time he stood there\! Jay was long ground FAST in the chain of stuns this cat was inflicting on him, and just when he was trying to recover, the cat pulled him close for a forced kiss\!

The sheer audacity of it made Jay freeze up, feeling another man’s rough cat tongue invading his maw as his vision became a sea of black fur with two amber exclusions. When he went to push away finally, Jay felt his wrist get grabbed and pulled down. Something HOT felt like it was about to burn his hand and his nose wrinkled as the STENCH of that cat only got worse this close. With his free hand Jay separated himself from the BEYOND forward cat, his nose wrinkled as he turned his head up. “What the FUCK is that… s-smell?\!” As Jay was questioning this cat that still had one of his wrists grabbed, he looked down to see where his hand was taken. His eyes went WIDE as he saw the cat had opened the waistband of his pants and brought Jay’s hand down to hold onto what looked to be the cat’s thigh at first. But then it TWITCHED\!

With his hand being held down onto this random stranger’s third fucking LEG OF A DICK, Jay could only stare with his jaw hanging slack and his eyes bugged out. He looked up at the cat’s cocky grin and then back down to the dick he was still touching. The gold of his ring was the only thing that reflected out of that abyss of black fur in the cat’s pants. “See? I knew you were a little fag. No surprise you came up to the first black guy you saw in the bar, your hand is trembling just TOUCHING this fat… black… dick\~ Just imagine what you’re body’s gunna do when it’s IN you\~”

Fear, disgust, and an overwhelming need to run coursed through Jay’s body as he RIPPED his hand away. He didn’t have anything witty to say this time, no clever comeback, all he could do was turn around and SPRINT out of the bar as fast as he could. He didn’t stop for a whole city block before doubling over and panting wildly. He was getting much more attention now but it wasn’t the same confidence-boosting looks from before, now he just looked crazy\! Jay stood up straight and wiped his face with his hands reflexively, his nose BURNING instantly from the disgusting smell of that cat’s oversized dick. It smelled like a college freshman’s dorm, one that didn’t know that cumming on their bedsheets stunk up the room after MONTHS of doing it. That mixed with the bitter stench of sweat made Jay shiver and shake his hand in the air as if that would solve anything. 

Meeting that cat told Jay two things; there were deffinately more fish in the sea if his wife DIDN’T forgive him for the argument they had earlier. But also that some of those fish were scary enough to make him realize that swallowing his pride and admitting fault was LEAGUES better than THAT\! A heavy sigh left the panda’s lips as he pulled out his phone, preparing himself to beg for forgiveness so he could go home and not have to deal with people anymore today. The panda’s breath steadied as he looked at his wife’s contact, that beautiful smiling face in his phone, and then down to his ring. It made him smile and start to tear up as he slowly walked along the wall towards home. 

     As he took a deep breath in he was suddenly accosted by a familiarly disgusting scent, his eyes going wide and his nose shriveling as his body was YANKED suddenly to the side. His phone clattered to the ground as he was pulled away by one hand around his muzzle and another one around his chest. Claws sank into his fur as his blood ran cold, getting yanked into an alley and slowly dragged by a limping perpetrator. As if the signature stench wasn’t enough to tell Jay who was pulling him behind a dumpster, Sushi’s voice hissed in his ear, the cat sounding PISSED as opposed to the ‘flirting’ of earlier. 

“You think you can just get me hard and walk away?\! The SECOND you walked up to my table you were MINE\! I fucking OWN you\!” The cat growled as he dragged Jay another half step before heaving and tossing Jay behind the dumpster to clamber to the floor. The panda coughed from the nose-burnijg scent of the cat’s hand that just got removed from his nose. This bastard had to jerk off 24/7 for his hand and his dick to smell THAT much alike\! With his mouth free though, Jay lifted his head to scream for help. After all, Sushi had to limp with that dick taking up all that room in his pants so the street should still be in earshot\! The only thing Jay could do when he opened his mouth though, was gag aloud. 

The air around Jay’s face had turned so sour with the saturated smell of Sushi’s dick that the oanda couldn’t even make words. His eyes watered as he looked up to see the barrel of a MASSIVE dick pointed straight at his face. Above that cock was a sea of hazy black thanks to the tears in his eyes, but Jay could still see the bastard’s bright-toothed smile. “I fucking own you\~” The cat repeated as he lifted that spire of black dick up away from Jay’s face only to SLAP it against the panda’s cheeks hard enough to knock him back down to all fours. The hit knocked the forming tears out of Jay’s ryes but the stinging pain on his cheek made new ones form FAST. “THIS owns you\! Now hurry up and open your faggot mouth\! I want to hear you CHOKE on it\! And I know you’ll come to like choking on two feet of steaming-fresh dark meat more than breathing soon\~ All my toys do before they BREAK\!” Another heavy SLAP made Jay’s world spin, his eyes rattling in his head as he slowly got up to his knees, his dazed mind praying that satisfying this fucked up cat’s fantasies was his easiest way out of this. He could NOT take another hit from that MONSTER\!

It was hard to tell which hurt more, the bruises forming on his face from where that baseball bat of a dick hit him, the smug smile staring down at him as this RAPIST knew he was going to get his way, or the instant DISGUST that boiled up in his body when Sushi PLAPPED his tip down on his tongue. That thing smelled RANCID, like it had been used dozens of times without being properly washed off. A slick layer of stale precum coated every inch of that monster to give it a glistening black sheen. All while that stupid brat stared down with the widest smile Jay had ever seen. The disgusting taste of that dick made the panda wiggle backwards, only to be followed by Sushi’s hips until Jay felt the hard wall behind his head. A snicker came from the cat as that monster PULSED, pumping a fresh shot of fluid into Jay’s mouth, puffing out his cheeks and making the panda choke and gag. The tears in his eyes made it hard to see what the cat was doing but he knew he wouldn’t get out of this without swallowing that salty, oily, disgusting fluid he had just been fed. Jay GULPED down the mouthful and shivered, having to fight to keep from throwing up as he pulled to the side, needing both hands to get a hold of that spire of dark meat to make sure it wouldn’t follow him this time. 

“T-there\! I s-swallowed your cum… C-can I leave now?” Of all things to happen, Jay didn’t expect the cat to ROAR out in laughter. One of Sushi’s hands held his chest as he almost doubled over laughing, the other one GRABBING and SQUEEZING the top of Jay’s head. It took a bit for the cat to wipe the tears from his eyes before he flicked his hips to SMACK Jay’s face with his dick again, this time holding him still so he felt the FULL impact. Sushi started to say something but Jay was seeing stars, his ears ringing from the cockslap as he struggled to remember how to breathe. Only when Sushi leaned down to hold his smiling face inches from Jay’s did he understand. “You hear me HOLE? I said that was just pre\! Unlike your tiny little dick it takes more than some pathetic lipwork to make me cum\! And when I do, you’ll fucking KNOW it\! You’re not sucking on some little shrimp dick anymore fag, you’re going to be CHOKING on a fat, BLACK dick\!”

Sushi THRUST his hips into the air, grinding that dick all over Jay’s face as he worked himself up. The sight of that panda cowering under the twitching black mass of his dick was making him NEEDY\! With his free hand grabbing around that pulsing slab of dark meat to line it up, Sushi PRESSED his tip against Jay’s closed lips. The pathetic little head-shaking panda was PLEADING with his eyes, only making another PULSE of precum shoot through the panda’s lips and puff out his cheeks. The nauseating flavor of that precum made Jay reflexively gag, opening his mouth for a split second to try to expel that foul fluid from his tongue. Sushi didn’t hesitate to take advantage of the gag, THRUSTING forward and BANGING Jay’s head back against the brick wall behind him. The panda's throat was WAY too tight for the sheer GIRTH of Sushi’s dick, but that wasn’t stopping the horned-up cat. Not now that he finally got his tip in. 

Every thrust of Sushi’s hips BANGED Jay’s head back against the wall, his gagging throat sealing tight and not letting that oversized dick push any further than past his tongue. The TASTE and smell filling his mouth and nose made sure he kept gagging, even as the constant BASHES made his vision black out before fading back in only to black out again. The panda’s hands reached forward to try and grab onto something, only able to grab around that GIRTHY dick, unable to touch his fingers together with both hands around that monster. This only earned him a tease from Sushi as he felt those weak, pathetic hands squeeze his dick. “I knew you were desperate for a big black dick in your life, but you can drop your hands if you just OPEN… YOUR… THROAT\!” 

Jay’s consciousness was fading fast, the constant banging of his head against the wall was taking its toll on him. At this point he WOULD let that monster violate his throat if he could get the pain in the back of his head to stop\! Both of their prayers were answered as Jay’s body started to go limp after a nasty SLAM against that wall. His throat finally relaxed as his body shut down for a split second. But that was all that Sushi needed. A single THRUST brought Jay back to life as he felt his lips touch his hands. Sushi took clear advantage of the panda’s ‘relaxing’ body and stuffed a foot of pulsing, flexing, drooling black dickmeat down the panda’s gullet. 

“FINALLY\! Took you fucking long enough\! I told you all you needed was the right hammer and you’d stop being ‘straight’\! Look at you now\! Throating this big black dick like a pro\!” Sushi teased and gripped his hands around the back of Jay’s head, grabbing tight onto that giant bruise he got from tenderizing his skull against the bricks. Jay’s hands fell limp and peeled off of that greasy dick, his eyes rolling in his head as his body desperately tried to shut down. The pain in his throat from being stretched and BULGED out and the pain in the back of his head from the blunt force trauma was keeping him in fight of flight mode though. Adrenaline pumped through his body to keep him awake even as his throat spasmed and choked, trying to clear the clogging mass lodged in his throat. 

Every thrust of Sushi’s hips made his ears pop from the pressure being put on his jaws, his eyes rolling in the back of his head as the lack of air was finally starting to catch up, overpowering the adrenaline keeping him awake. Sushi wasn’t even thrusting any deeper at this point\! Every time he pulled back a few inches he’d RAM in the same length as before, his dick pressuring Jay’s COLLARBONE as the next roadblock he needed to break through. For Jay at this point, it was hard to tell if he was conscious or not. His vision was so hazy and his sight was limited to that bush of thick black pube-fur that he couldn’t tell if he blacked out or not yet. All he could tell was that his jaw was about to break, his skull might have already broken and his lungs were BURNING.

For Sushi, he was also half conscious, not because he was passing out, but because his carnal NEED to breed the tight hole in front of him was starting to take over his brain. He could sit there all day breeding that tight, gagging, struggling and choking throat. The sounds of those pathetic sputters made the cat’s dick TWITCH as he pounded away, pulling back to see Jay’s lips PULL with his hips, clinging to that fat log of dark meat before another THRUST made the panda’s cheeks swell and his throat bulge. “Tsk…” Sushi sucked his teeth as he tried to YANK Jay’s head into his thrusts, feeling the limits of his new cocksleeve had been reached already with only half of his dick down that throat was starting to piss him off. 

A sudden SQUEEZE around his dick made Sushi’s eyes light up though, feeling the panda’s muscles go into overdrive as they tried to clear the black cock invading his airways. While the sudden spasming felt AMAZING for Sushi, he knew deep inside that this was Jay’s body’s last attempt at clearing the blockage in his throat before giving up and accepting death. While it WOULD be nice to shove his dick down all the way and get the stupid panda’s face buried in his pubes with those glazed-over eyes and the final gags of his death throws, Sushi wanted this toy to LAST. Even still, the feeling of that throat trying desperately to push him out was something Sushi knew well and LOVED every time. It was like a delicacy, something that, when indulged in, meant that you were done forever with that toy, a final hurrah and a final use out of whatever poor bastard was on the receiving end of his dick. So he hesitated to pull out for a bit. Just a bit, waiting with one of his hands holding one of Jay’s eyes open, waiting for that glossy haze to almost fully encompass the panda’s eye before groaning and YANKING his hips back.

Jay’s body fell to the ground like a sack of bricks, the panda not even coughing to clear the residual precum from his throat before a forced GASP filled his lungs. He was out like a light, but still breathing, for now. Sushi stared down at the pathetic little crumpled panda and sighed, staring at his half-spittle-covered dick and wrinkling his nose in annoyance and disgust. This stupid panda had blueballed him TWICE now, once by pretending that he didn’t want to feel what it was like to get ripped in half by a REAL dick and again just now from being too weak to stay awake through a dicking\! It pissed Sushi off enough that he just HAD to teach this stupid whore of a panda how to PROPERLY treat his superiors\! 

“But first\~” Sushi snickered as he reached a hand down to YANK up Jay’s tail, perking up the passed out panda’s ass and growling to himself in anticipation. Sushi had his eyes on that plump little ass since Jay first walked across the room swinging it around. The panda knew what he was doing then and there, he knew that he wanted his ass stretched and plowed open by a thick black dick, his brain just didn’t know it yet\! 

Once Sushi got the red panda’s pants down around his knees, the cat couldn’t help but whistle to himself. Those jeans Jay was wearing were holding his ass back\! Those plump little fluffy cheeks were looking TASTY and a quick thumb jabbed against the panda’s hole helped Sushi SPREAD them apart and get a good look at what he was working with. A tight, winking pink pucker stared up at Sushi as the cat’s dick THROBBED with excitement. This hole hadn’t been TOUCHED\! A soft, supple pucker, a pretty pink color and a tight, small ring of pink flesh that only really spread visibly when his ass was STRETCHED apart by Sushi’s grabbing hands. 

The only thing that made that view better was when Sushi SLAPPED his dick between those soft little red panda cheeks. That HOG of a cock was as thick as one of Jay’s cheeks, perfectly slotting between those two pillowy bumps to let Sushi slide and douse Jay’s virgin hole with leftover throat slime. The dark brown fur of Jay’s belly wrapped up between his cheeks to give him a little sliver of that darker color to accent his tight little pucker, but Sushi smiled as he ground his dick between those cheeks. “Darker colors look good on you panda\~” The cat teased his unconscious prey as he pulled himself back to prod his tip against that tight little pink pucker. Excitement welled inside of Sushi’s chest as he watched his dick THROB and pump precum over that tight hole, watching it deflect the shot up towards the panda’s tail. This slut was so tight that he couldn’t even get his precum to lube that hole any deeper than the surface\! This was going to be FUN\!

With his hands grabbing firmly on the cute little red-furred cheeks in front of him, Sushi SNAPPED his jaws around Jay’s fluffy little tail, grinding himself against that virgin hole with a fire in his eyes that Jay would probably cower away from. While it wasn’t IDEAL for Jay to be unconscious for his first time getting dicked down by a real man, Sushi was too horny to care, he’d just have to do it again after Jay woke up\! Or fuck him hard enough that he was forced awake\! Slowly but surely Sushi started to put PRESSURE on that hole, hooking his hands around Jay’s hips and PULLING the limp-bodied panda back towards him as his hips slooowly pressed forward. With the sheer SIZE of Sushi’s endowment, it came with the ability to squash a bit under pressure like this, loading pressure like a spring as that black bitchbreaker compressed and widened out a bit. Sushi’s teeth started to bite down HARD as the pressure grew, threatening to chomp off half of Jay’s tail if his tailhole didn’t surrender first, giving the unconscious fleshlight an ultimatum that would have sent his brain into shock if he was awake to understand it.

Sushi’s growl grew louder and louder as the pressure grew, the cat’s eyes clenching shut as he tried to wiggle his hips side to side to find any purchase on that little ass he wanted to break. A sudden POP made the cat’s maw open wide with a sigh of relief, Jay’s tail frizzing up straight as it was freed from Sushi’s teeth as his body was suddenly broken into. While the throat had a one-time pleasure trap when his toys were about to finally give in and die for his dick, the ass had the opposite. The first time he STUFFED himself into any of his toy’s asses they would SQUEEZE and clench on him like CRAZY\! Something that was driving Sushi absolutely MAD right now as the tight, unused, unadjusted little panda hole clenching around his dick threatened to cut off his circulation at first\! It was fucking DIVINE\! 

Finally, Sushi fully SNAPPED, his lust boiling over as his natural need to breed took over completely. He had been playing it too slow for too long, he NEEDED to breed this panda senseless NOW\! The cat doubled over and PRESSED his chest down onto Jay’s back, hearing the panda’s lungs let out a little wheeze from being forcibly compressed, but it was about to get SO much worse for him. Jay’s guts gurgled audibly as Sushi pumped shot after shot of precum the wrong direction through Jay’s pipes, the cat’s dick was a perfected breeding machine in that regard. Able to lube up any hole he got himself into and sturdy enough to break his way through like a lance. 

Unlike the panda’s throat that had those pesky joints and bones in the way of Sushi’s dick pumping deeper, Jay’s ass could only spasm and squeeze as Sushi’s hips started to THRUST, pulling back a couple inches to give himself enough of a pocket to build momentum and BREAK his way deeper into the panda’s guts. It felt fucking AMAZING\! Every new inch of the panda’s insides was like a new vice-grip set to Sushi’s exact dick size, every time the panda’s body wrenched and arched his back, Sushi would feel a new pocket of squeezing red panda guts trying and failing to expel the giant black dick that was ripping him in half.

After what felt like HOURS since he first got Jay’s hand on his dick, Sushi’s nuts were starting to clench and jostle, audibly churning with a load that was desperate to breed this new toy. Sushi huffed and SLAMMED his hips forward, his nuts SLAPPING the back of Jay’s thighs and staining his fur with the thick scent of that black breeder cat. Once he was FINALLY hilted in his new toy, Sushi let out a hiss and then a long sigh, his body collapsing on top of the unconscious panda he was laying his claim to as his dick PULSED inside of the bitch’s belly. Sushi’s hands reached down to grab the bulge he was putting in Jay’s stomach, jerking and pleasuring himself through the red panda’s skin as the first audible pump of seed made a disgusting GLORP sound. While unloading his heavy black nuts into this new fleshlight, Sushi whispered and nibbled at the panda’s ear, teasing his unconscious mind with his words as his body was FILLED with spunk.

“Feel that slut? That’s me giving your life a new purpose\~ This IS your life now\~ Just a breeding mount for me to dump my nuts into. Nothing but a whore destined to choke on, bounce on and worship this big black dick until it fucking KILLS you. So say goodbye to your old life, because I’m gunna make sure EVERYBODY that sees your slutty body knows that you belong to my black cock, make sure they know that making my dick vanish into your guts is the only reason you draw breath, make sure they know what OWNS you\~”

Sushi’s voice hissed as he felt Jay’s belly bloat and grow. His dick was so deep into the redpan’s guts that there wasn’t even a concern of it being pushed out, every ounce of it was locked in by that gripping, needy hole. That hole that understood its new purpose, even if the brain that usually controlled it would need some more time to learn. The cat leaned down and grabbed Jay’s twitching hand, pulling the gold ring from his finger and tossing it aside. “Won’t need this anymore fag\~ I got a better ring for you back home\~”

After a few minutes of pumping rope after gut-stretching rope into Jay’s newly claimed ass, Sushi knelt up and finally let Jay’s pathetic body wheeze in a new breath. It was probably hard to breathe with gallons of black cat spunk sloshing around in his belly, but that wasn’t exactly Sushi’s problem. The cat snickered as he stared down at the mess he had made of Jay’s hole. That once-tight, perky little pucker was now stretched TAUT around the outside of his fat black dick. A little tug gave Sushi’s dick a bit of resistance from that poor half-broken panda, his body undoubtedly trying desperately to maintain SOME sort of status quo for even a little bit. Even if that dick was turning his body into a kitten factory, his guts SQUEEZED around it to try to keep it in place, a natural defense to try and keep his insides INSIDE of him when threatened with an invader that massive.

With a chuckle and a SLAP across Jay’s ass the cat started to YANK himself backwards, pulling out inch after inch of thick black dickmeat from its new favorite hole. “Don’t wanna let me go huh? Guess I picked a good one after all\! I tried to warn you little slut, once you go black you’re NEVER gunna go back\~” With another sharp SLAP that made Jay’s head lift up a little from the cold pavement he had been laying on, Sushi was able to pull himself free with a disgusting SHLOOOOORPOP\! It was a sight to behold, every one of those twenty five inches of solid black cock pulling free of a hole that couldn’t even close anymore. The cat smiled wide as he swung his hips to SLAP his half-hard dick across Jay’s ass, smearing the cum that coated the tip all over the panda’s red-orange fur. 

“Your ass looks good smeared in my spunk fag\~ But I know something that’ll fit you MUCH better\~” The cat snickered as he pulled up Jay’s pants, needing to break his stare with that broken hole before he got hard again. Sushi would probably be able to breed Jay’s slutty little body until dawn but he needed to get this new toy home first, they had so much more training to do\~

A high pitched buzzing woke Jay up as he opened his groggy eyes. He had faded in and out of consciousness a few times since being choked out by that evil fucking cat he met yesterday but his brain was finally able to jumpstart itself properly this time. The panda tried to move his hand to wipe his face as he yawned, only hearing the rattling of a chain and a tug on his other arm from behind his back. The panda froze up and started to panic, trying to move any muscle in his body and finding himself trapped\! His nose was filled with a terrifyingly familiar scent, the raw sex and dicksweat smell of the cat he met last night. His arms couldn’t move, his legs couldn’t move and when he tried to wiggle and struggle the buzzing stopped and he felt a sharp SLAP across his ass.

“HEY\! Hold still\! I’m almost done and I don’t want you bleeding yet fag\!” Sushi’s voice growled before the buzzing started again. In Jay’s panic his vision finally returned to him for the first time since Sushi’s dick had slapped him last night. In front of him was a camera with a mirror behind it. He was face down on a bed with his ass raised up, a spreader bar keeping his ankles pushed apart and his hands locked behind his back with a pair of tight handcuffs. The panda’s eyes went wide as he noticed that there was a ring pierced through his nose, the shimmer of a clear line of string coming from the ring and attaching him to something he couldn’t see in his limited view range. The nose ring was keeping his head held up, preventing him from resting his head on its side while also keeping his nose WIDE to be forced to drink in the disgusting smell of the room. Jay also winced as he noticed that his fluffy little white cheeks were battered and bruised from the weighty slaps that started this whole ordeal.

“AAAAND DONE\!” Sushi smiled with pride as he lifted himself up from behind Jay’s ass, the panda’s eyes going wide as he noticed the tattoo needle in the cat’s hand. Instantly the red panda started to struggle again, only for Sushi to SLAP the bitch’s other ass cheek, not wanting the ink to get disturbed before it set into his fur and skin underneath. “Oh calm down bitch\! Not like anyone’s gunna see you again if you keep up that pathetic performance\! You’ll probably end up choking to death like the others\~” Sushi teased and pulled out his phone, taking a picture of Jay’s ass before moving around in front of the panda. The cat sat down in front of Jay, flopping that massive dick over the panda’s shoulder and nudging in closer to press Jay’s forced-open nostrils into the dense, curly, sweat-saturated black mess of pubes that lined the cat’s crotch.

“See? I think it really brings everything together\~ My cute little Blacked Panda toy\~” Sushi’s musk was making Jay’s eyes water again, those pubes poking into the panda’s nose and making him struggle in place. But the second Sushi turned his phone around to show Jay, the panda’s vision cleared. He was looking at a picture of his own ass but he barely recognized it\! Both of his cheeks were battered and bruised, his fur matted with spunk and GOD knows what else, his hole was three, maybe even four times larger than it used to be, a canvas of pink between his cheeks instead of the cute little pucker he used to have. And worst of all, on his right ass cheek was a wet-inked tattoo of a spade\! “See? Now everyone you try to flaunt that fat ass to will know that it’s CLAIMED. Black dicks ONLY since you’ll never be able to even FEEL any others with how stretched out you are\~” Sushi smiled with pride as he unhooked the string to Jay’s nosering, letting the panda’s head fall down a bit before YANKING that string behind his back to STUFF the Blacked Panda’s nose into his pubes, that hefty dick THROBBING over his shoulder, right next to his ear. “I don’t think I heard you say ‘Thank you’ yet SLUT\!”

As Sushi reached down to grab and start to lift his dick, Jay tried to flinch away, knowing that fat dick was going to be slapping his face with its full weight if he didn’t say anything. He also knew that if he thanked the brat that he’d be choking on that dick in no time again. His brain was slowed by the dense, musk-saturated air that he was breathing in, filtered through the cat’s thick black bush. The first slap RATTLED Jay’s skull, every ache from the night before reverberating in his head as he felt like he was going to throw up from the combination of blunt force trauma and rancid gooner cat stench. He needed to find SOMETHING to say to keep himself safe from that dick\! SOMETHING\! ANYTHING\! If he could just keep talking, MAYBE he could avoid getting his brains bashed in or his throat ripped open for a little while longer. Maybe if he said the right things he could even get the cat to stuff that dick ANYWHERE else\! He didn’t WANT to feel what it was like to get his ass stretched out by that log of dark meat, but he knew it would be better than trying to breathe with it lodged in his throat\!

‘Think Jay, THINK\! If you don’t come up with something he’s going to bash your skull in\! Or choke you to death\! OR BOTH\!’ Jay’s mind spun at a mile a minute as he tried to think, his gasping breaths caused by his panicking only making him drink in more of that disgustingly thick musk from the FOREST of pubes in front of his face. Just as Sushi was about to SLAM his dick down on his head again, Jay blurted out his only hope. “T-THANK YOU FOR BLESSING ME WITH YOUR PERFECT BLACK COCK\!” This outburst made Sushi stop mid swing, his eyes going wide as his smile faded to a look of surprise. “Holy shit, I really DID break you\! Hold on, hold on\~” The cat stood up, keeping his hand on the string that kept Jay’s nose tugging towards him, forcing the panda to keep huffing his rancid, lingering scent. 

With a quiet beep Sushi turned the camera in front of the mirror on, the cat tugging and manhandling Jay as he turned the panda sideways so that the camera could see Jay, Sushi AND the black spade on Jay’s ass. Sushi THWAPPED that fat black dick back onto the panda’s face, smiling as he watched it overshadow the panda’s entire head, sealing the bitch into the musk-pocket between the underside of his shaft and his nuts. “Say that ONE more time for me\~ Praise this black dick like you mean it. Worship my cock good enough and maybe I’ll remember to pull out after I’m done skullfucking you with it. Hell, I’ll even let you lube up every inch of this monster if you just tell me how DESPERATE you are to serve this big… black… cock\~”

“I-I…” Jay struggled to find words to fill the space, his heart pounding in his chest as he realized that he HAD bought himself some time, maybe even saved his own life, but no matter what, he was going to end up choking on that THING that Sushi called a dick. A grumble of impatience filled the air as that dick started to lift off of Jay’s face. The panda winced in anticipation, his eyes clenching shut and his head turning to the side as he blurted out the first thing he could think of to stall for more time, ANY amount of time without that dick IN him was going to be a blessing after all\! “P-PLEASE\! L-LET ME W-WORSHIP YOUR G-GODLY COCK\! L-let me feel your s-superiour Black d-dick r-ravage my b-body\! L-let me t-taste your e-essence a-and uhm… umm… ACK\!” Jay’s improvised worshiping came from a shallow pool of porn he’d watched years ago before getting married and settling down so it wasn’t long before that dick he was supposedly worshiping CRASHED back down onto his face with a wet, disgusting THWAP\! Worst of all, his pathetic attempt at worshipping Sushi’s dick was enough to get the cat FULLY hard, his lips curling into a smug smile as he pulled his hips back, dragging every inch of that   
‘Godly’ Black dick over Jay’s muzzle before pressing his tip to the fag’s lips. “We’ll have to work on that, won’t we\~ Open up. NOW\!”

The situation was all too familiar to Jay, that black CANNON of a dick pointed right at his lips, the taste of precum FLOODING his mouth as it pulsed audibly, hungrily in front of him. The only difference this time was that his head was tilted up, his neck more in-line with his body and there wasn’t a brick wall behind him for him to get slammed into. Even at this early stage of his training, Jay knew better than to resist Sushi’s demands, even if he was reluctant to obey. Slowly the panda started to open his mouth, his eyes clenching tight as he prepared for the disgusting scent radiating off of that dick to fill his mouth as well as his nose. But it seemed that slowly wasn’t good enough. A sudden YANK up from his new nose-ring made Jay’s eyes go wide with shock and pain, his mouth being pulled open as his lower jaw was left behind by the sudden pulling.

Unlike the first time, Sushi wasn’t taking any chance at Jay’s body resisting him. Both of his hands GRABBED around the panda’s head, his fingers squeezing tight all over that bruised and battered bitch as he THRUST himself forward. “GARLK\! GGRNNLK\!” Jay choked and gagged, his whole body tensing up and scrunching as his natural reaction to try and clear his throat was met with zero success. Sushi let out a long sigh as he felt that panda’s throat WRAP around his dick, squeezing him so much tighter than his ass did when he was knocked out. Looking down at that pathetic little panda only made that dick THROB, seeing how pathetic his new toy looked, how weak he was, how easy it was to make his eyes water. The bruises and matting in Jay’s fur was all because of him, all because of his Black Dick breaking this bitch of a panda to his will and it felt SUBLIME. 

Something was different about this time, Sushi had so much more energy, his dick was throbbing so much more violently, bucking and tugging Jay’s head up and down with each meaty TWITCH. That signature cocky smile grew on Sushi’s face as he started to buck his hips, sinking his dick deeper than he was able to last time, finally POPPING the panda’s stubborn jaw out of socket to make room for his girth. “Fuck\~ You look SO much hotter with this big black dick clogging your throat. F-FUCK\! Don’t look at me like that\!” Sushi groaned and grit his teeth, HUMPING forwards as he saw Jay open his watering eyes. “That pathetic fucking face is too HOT\! I don’t wanna blow my load until your face is BURIED in my bush\!”

With that growling voice Sushi’s hands gripped tighter, pulling Jay’s face away from his dick, watching inch after inch of sleek, spit-shined black luster pull from the panda’s lips only to THRUST forward and CRACK the panda’s collarbone out of socket. “FUCK\! BREAK FOR ME BITCH\! YOU WANTED THIS BLACK DICK SO BAD RIGHT? YOU WANTED TO FUCKING WORSHIP IT?\! TO RAVAGE YOUR BODY?\! THAT’S WHAT YOU SAID RIGHT BITCH?\! THEN STOP STARING AT ME WITH THOSE PATHETIC EYES AND TAKE ME TO THE HILT\!” Sushi’s voice started to crack with how loud he was screaming, loud enough that even with Jay’s ears popped from the pressure that broke his jaw, he was still able to hear those terrifying words. His face was being used like a FLESHLIGHT at this point, being bounced and thrust into with reckless abandon as the cat hissed and huffed.

Every time Sushi looked down at that progressively more pathetic face, his dick THROBBED and he dumped a shot of precum down into the panda’s stomach. Just five more inches to go. “GARLK\!” Just TWO more inches to go\! “GRRNKGG\!” JUST ONE MORE INCH TO SLAM INTO IT’S NEW HOME\! Jay’s eyes rolled in his head, his vision long-since blurred to the point of uselessness since all he could see in front of him was black anyway. His nose got BURIED in the cat’s pubes, strands of those tickling, sweat-saturated hairs poking into his nose and making his muzzle scrunch up. Sushi just kept thrusting though. His hips never stopped swinging even if his entire hog was fully encased in it’s new holster. Every rabid hump made those heavy, softball sized nuts SWING up and SLAP the twitching outline of Sushi’s dick in the panda’s throat, every time making the cat hiss and thrust again to feed that addicting feeling. 

A particularly loud PULSE made Jay’s eyes clench shut, his consciousness was fading from the abuse and the lack of air already but he could take solace in the fact that Sushi was already blowing his load. He could feel those nuts CLENCHING against his chin, feel Sushi’s hands squeezing his head and gritting his teeth before sighing from just how much effort each of those ropes took to PUMP through that giant black PIPE of a dick. Jay’s mind was already shutting down for another likely restless slumber as he started to find comfort in the gurgling of his belly and the rhythmic pulsing that was stretching out his throat. The only thing that brought Jay back from the brink of unconsciousness was the sound of Sushi snickering. The panda opened up his eyes for the last time before passing out to see the cat lifting up his tattoo needle. All he could hear was that rhythmic pulsing, now being duetted by the high-pitched hum of the needle as Sushi’s smug smile danced in his shaky vision. “I think I’ll leave my mark on THIS side of you too\~” And then… nothingness.

For the next few days, Jay barely was barely conscious for longer than half an hour at a time. He would wake up to that giant black LOG slapping on his face, feeling like he was getting punched by a world champion heavyweight from how bruised and battered he already was due to that thick black CLUB of a dick. Opening his swollen eyes would always get the same reaction from Sushi, the black cat’s lips curling into a sadistic smile as he stared down at the pathetic face that Jay couldn’t help but put on. From there Jay was usually YANKED by his nosering into the cat’s thick-furred, greasy black nuts. Drowned in the musk that never left his nostrils thanks to the pubes that got stuck up there, Sushi made sure to YANK his nosering hard enough to stretch the panda’s nose out so that every time he was face planted into that pitch-black matted bush he would get a fresh, lingering scent.

If the panda wanted to stay awake a bit longer, he could always DRAG his tongue through that rancid mess coating those nuts. His muzzle didn’t even wrinkle at the scent or the taste anymore, he had been fed a diet of spunk shot straight into his stomach by that Black Cat Dick so at this point his half-aware brain was starting to connect the pungent taste of Sushi’s crotch to the arrival of food. Another connection being formed that ‘helped’ Jay out was the mind and body numbing effects of that thick scent. He would wake up in pain from a new set of cockslaps but by the time Sushi grew impatient from all the licking and sniffing, Jay felt kinda good, his body numb and his brain running on empty, only able to experience the pleasure of being used like a fleshlight by such a bigger, stronger, superior man.

It was always a guess on which hole Sushi would use today, sometimes Jay even had a preference on which though it was far from WANTING to get one of his holes resized, it was more like choosing the lesser of two evils. Sometimes he would wake up with his stomach hurting, feeling famished from sleeping for what felt like days on end. On days like that, Jay didn’t FULLY mind getting a fresh gallon of housecat spunk shot down into his stomach, even if the delivery method of clogging his throat with black dick usually made him pass out. Other times his face would be so bruised from the facefucking and cockslaps that Jay almost BEGGED for Sushi to use his ass instead, the panda’s cute little hips swaying side to side, flicking his tail around to catch the cat’s attention. It was usually when Sushi saw that spunk-covered spade that he decided to rail Jay’s ass for a turn. 

It had been long enough that Jay’s handcuffs and spreader bar had been removed. He knew to assume the position whenever he was awake and would sometimes even use his hands to stroke and fondle that heavy black package to stall for time. The WARMTH that radiated from the cat’s crotch always felt surreal, like his hands were in a furnace. But the cat’s constant coos and teases always brought him back to the hell of a reality he was in. At this point the brain-drained panda started to echo some of Sushi’s teasings, responding to things like “You fucking LOVE this Big Black Cat Cock don’t you faggot?\!” With a whimpering moan of “Y-yes D-daddy…” It usually got his ass SLAPPED but it did seem to trim a few minutes off of how long he had to endure Sushi’s dick burrowing into his guts. 

One day, though, Jay woke up differently. Sushi was still sitting in front of him, that cat’s stench still ripe in his nose as those clenching nuts were only a few inches away, but the cat was jerking himself off instead of using Jay’s body like a fleshlight. With a groan the cat scooted back and pointed the tip of that cum cannon at Jay’s face, BLASTING thick ropes of white all over the panda’s face as he huffed and whined from the sight of it. Jay struggled and tried to move out of the way, only to get his head GRABBED and held still into that waterboarding of spunk blasting against his face. The panda groaned and raised his hands. He knew better than to put them between his face and that firehose of a tip, so instead he wrapped them around that black obelisk of a cock and tried to direct the blasts away from his nose and mouth. Granted, the only other place for the cat’s load to go was his forehead and eyes, but it was better than drowning, he figured.

“Good whore\~ Hold that dark meat that gives you life\~ You’ve been feeding off of me for so long it almost looks weird to have WHITE on your face instead of Black for once\!” The cat teased and wagged his hips, humping and swaying to jerk himself off with Jay’s hands so he could get the last of that load blasting over the panda’s face. Sushi pulled his hips back once he was done, snickering as Jay’s hands were still holding tight to his black dick. “Let me go and clean yourself up fag, now that you’re good and trained, we’re going out\! Gotta show off my new toy\~”

Being told to clean himself up made Jay’s brain short circuit for a moment. With all the spunk dripping off his face, the black pubes intertwined into his face and ass fur and all the thick matted clumps from where Sushi had been slapping that dick, it was a bit weird to be told to clean up NOW. Especially after not moving from that cum soaked mattress for however many weeks he had been here. Though, with the threat and sound of Sushi’s dick still throbbing in front of him, Jay slowly crawled off of the bed and stood on his feet for the first time in god knows how long. Wiping the spunk from his eyes and wobbling towards the open bathroom door, Jay groaned and trudged one foot at a time, looking back to see Sushi smiling WIDE on the bed as he watched his toy pathetically try to walk away. The sight of that twitching black dick made Jay’s body shiver, knowing how every inch of that monster felt, knowing how it tasted and how it smelled. 

With another shiver, Jay turned away from the self-pleasuring cat, shutting the bathroom door with a grunt and collapsing back against it. His legs felt like jello, his fur was snagging on itself from how matted with spunk and god knows what else it was, but he felt safer being in a different room for the first time in weeks. He wiped the spunk off of his face and shivered, staring down at that thick slime dripping from his hands and shivering as his first thought was to lick it off. Jay shook his head and stood up, clambering his way over to the sink where he leaned down and started to splash water to break up the fresh coat of white he just got. Cum, dickslime and black pubes dropped into the sink as Jay’s face slowly cleared off. Once the water ran dry, Jay took a deep breath and looked up in the mirror.

What he was expecting to see was a few bruises, a black eye or two, maybe a few cuts from where the cat’s claws had dug into his skull. What he saw was that, PLUS a giant black spade tattooed over his right eye\! Jay let out a shriek as he touched it timidly, trying to wipe off the marker or whatever Sushi used to put this here. Then he remembered the buzzing of that needle pushing to his face on his first day here. Jay felt sick to his stomach but kept cleaning himself, wanting to get every ounce of that disgusting spunk off of him, wanted to be free of that cat that had been raping him non stop for days on end. It made him sick to his stomach to know that this wasn’t really freedom, only a reprieve. 

As he stepped out of the bathroom after an hour of combing, washing and tentatively touching the countless bruises on his face, ass and stomach, Jay was met face to chest with Sushi. The cat was standing fully upright, his hands grabbing his panda’s shoulders as he looked him over. The cat was wearing a pair of grey sweatpants that did NOTHING to hide his disgusting dick twitching away inside the fabric. Jay noticed that the cat also didn’t clean HIMSELF off, likely still having the same sweat and grime on that disgusting, mind-numbing, stomach-filling, throat-clogging black dick that he did back when the two first met. 

Sushi looked Jay up and down before smiling and leaning in, LICKING that black spade on the panda’s eye with his rough tongue, his breath huffing excitedly as Jay heard a CLICK behind his neck. When he was finally let go, Jay spun around real quick to look in the mirror, seeing the obvious spade on his eye was now joined by a thick red collar that REEKED of Sushi’s sweat, a little tag jingling with a third spade on it. As well as the letters BBCC sewn into the side. “B-big Black C-cat Cock…” Jay stuttered out as his hand traced the lettering. He couldn’t help but notice that the collar was loose around his neck, having just enough room to fit snuggly if and when Sushi slammed his dick down the panda’s throat. Since he turned around though, Sushi GRABBED a handful of Jay’s ass, the cat growling as his claws sunk into that plushy flesh, pulling that cheek aside to get a beautiful sight.

One of Jay’s cheeks was squished in his hand and spread aside, that sloppy, gaped, pink hole SPREAD so much wider than the tight pink dot that it was a week or two ago and on the panda’s other cheek was one of those black spades. “Fuck\~ I WAS going to bring you out on a leash, maybe see how well this ass swallows a thong, maybe even text your ex-wife to see if she wants to replace you after you inevitably choke to death buuuut.” Sushi’s other hand SLAPPED the spade on Jay’s ass, pulling the Blacked Panda’s hips back to meet his. Sushi ground himself between those pillowy cheeks, leaning his head over Jay’s shoulder and growling in his ear, the cat’s eyes LOCKED on the spade on Jay’s cheek.

“Your training might be done for now, but I can’t see these on your weak little body without getting excited\!” One of the cat’s hands reached down and pulled down the waistband of his pants, his fat, black cat dick THROBBING up between the panda’s legs, slapping the little useless clit that Jay called his dick on the way up. Jay shivered as he looked down at that throbbing monster between his thighs, seeing it absolutely DWARF his own endowment four times over at least. “Go ahead baby\~ Beg for it, I can feel your little clit leaking on me\~” Sushi teased as he grabbed at Jay’s dick. Jay wanted to deny this but his body had already drawn the relationship between that black dick and all the pleasure and sustenance it could give him. He was hard as a rock, drooling a pitiance of precum over the top of Sushi’s sleek, shining black cock, whimpering from the teasing and humping, watching that dick make a mess on the floor in front of him with the leaky faucet of precum it was drooling.

With his options being; getting taken into public and shown off before probably getting that dick shoved into him or getting that dick shoved into him back onto that disgusting mattress he already knew, Jay decided to side with the evil that he did know. “P-please… U-use my b-body to s-satisfy your p-perfect… drooling… thick… delicious… b-black cock\~” Jay’s voice wavered and grew more lustful as he continued his begging. What started as a halfhearted plea to avoid getting seen in public with a SPADE ON HIS FACE quickly turned into a pathetic whimper for something he NEEDED. “B-breed me with this Big Black Cat Cock\~ I f-feel so empty w-without it i-in me\~” Jay whimpered, only eliciting a growl from Sushi as his dick THROBBED up between the Blacked Panda’s thighs. “Good sleeve\~ Lets get those spades covered in spunk so I can go soft and parade you around\~”