The day's fresh sun beamed down between the canvas of Jay's tent, the panda grumbling a bit as he was woken by the start of the day. A yawn and a stretch made his shoulders pop in just the right way, a satisfied groan leaving the little red panda's mouth as he crawled out of his shelter. It was another late summer day, not too hot yet but still nice and bright. The grass around Jay's tent was speckled with dew, his hands getting a little wet as he gathered up his things. The woods just past route 34 were beautiful this time of year, most people that went camping brought along a strong pokemon or two to defend themselves with but Jay knew that most wild pokemon only really targeted trainers and never went out of their way to start a fight. As the panda stood fully upright, his backpack freshly zipped up and his arms reaching to the sky for one final stretch, he heard a rustle in the bushes behind him. The panda didn't think much of it before a FLASH of light made his head SNAP around, craning his neck to try and get a peek at what was going on. The panda tried to tiptoe his way over to peer over the shrubs, seeing a curled-up pokemon seemingly struggling with something. Jay's head turned to try and get a better look, a large hunched-over form of thick maroon fur that was shimmying back and forth. Loud huffs and plumes of smoke emitted from the beast, his fore paws tucked in front of him as he growled and huffed. Jay's curiosity got the better of him, thinking he could simply outrun the pudgy-looking beast if need be but what the panda saw when he ventured around the side of the beast made his heart stop cold.

It was a Typhlosion, that was for sure, a massive badger with occasional flames shooting out of the back of his neck, even hunched over the thing was clearly at least a foot taller and several times the weight of the curious panda. In his fore paws though was what looked like a furred kobold, but the poor thing's fur was slicked down, dampened by what was probably sweat. Jay couldn't help but gasp as his brain slowly put together what was happening in front of him, the Typhlosion's hands were wrapped tight around the limp body of that tannish-yellow kobold, the little lizard's head shoved down into the beast's humping crotch, the kobold's nose touching a glinting ring that hung from the beast's folded sheath as a bulging outline of ungodly dick PULSED visibly through the entire lizard's body. Ropes of steaming, sizzling pre were being splatted onto the grass in front of the beast, his huffs growing louder as Jay got to see the beast's massive flared tip PLOP pop PLOP pop in and out of the ass of his totally limp 'fleshlight'. Jay tried to turn and flee, only tripping over a root as his eyes were LOCKED on that fat flared cock head popping in and out of what probably WAS the Typhlosion's trainer. The beast stood upright at the sound of the panda hitting the ground, his gaze turning to fix itself on the shivering panda, a terrifying smile growing across that beast's face as he stepped closer, RIPPING the limp kobold off of his easily two and a half foot dick and tossing the lifeless thing aside, disposed off the route where nobody would care to find him.

Jay's feet struggled to find purchase, the lumbering beast growing closer, that fat, turgid dick PULSING and shooting a rope of HOT pre over the panda's chest, the salty, slightly smokey smell filing his senses with disgust as huffs of smoke plumed from the beast's nose, past an iron nose-ring that was GLOWING from the heat of his breath. Jay let out a whimper as the beast fell onto all fours over him, those stubby limbs not giving the beast's member any clearance, instead PRESSING the twitching, burning hot flesh against Jay's chest. Jay let out a YIPE as he felt the WEIGHT of the beast's churning nuts droop onto his legs, easily covering his thighs completely with their thick, leathery warmth. The beast's cockhead was positioned right under Jay's chin like this, the panda getting to feel every twitch of that member pulse from his own crotch, up his whole body, and all the way to his chin where he was being slathered by absurdly thick, almost grimy pre. Jay tried to grab the beast's wrists, trying to use them as leverage to free himself from under the horny monster, only to YIPE again as his hands were singed by the heat of the two golden bracelets the beast wore. The Typhlosion simply huffed, humping his shaft against the soft fur of the panda stuck under him, punching Jay in the bottom of the chin with that blunt tip. The ring at the base of the beast's sheath pressed against Jay's crotch, the HEAT causing him to open his mouth to yipe again, only getting a surprisingly strong hand gripped around his jaw. The last thing Jay remembered seeing was that beast's muzzle growing closer and HUFFING a heavy jet of sulfuric-smelling smoke into his face. The panda's consciousness faded fast as he felt that thick tongue plunge into his throat, his face being gassed by the beast's nostrils as his throat was fucked by thick, wiggling tongue meat.

Even in his dreams, Jay couldn't escape the beast, feeling that tongue wiggle down his throat, that cock PULSE against his body, the weight, and heat of that monster pressing down on him. Eventually, the panda's body felt weightless, simply gliding through visions of that monster looming over him, jerking that massive dick towards his face, painting him with precum, and snickering the whole while. Jay's thoughts moved to the little kobold he saw, the little lizard's horns broken off presumably from his head being shoved down that absurdly massive dick, that little body lying limp after it was fucked through and through like a unihole, not even twitching as it was simply tossed aside. Jay wondered if the same fate awaited him.

When Jay awoke his nose was assaulted with the thick smell of the beast's sweat, his whole muzzle wrinkling as he found himself dangling upside-down. The panda tried to struggle, his body weak from the lack of fresh air but his hands managed to grab around something... something thick... something pulsing... something drooling hot slime down onto his arms even as he hugged it to his chest. The panda groaned as he realized where he was, hanging upside down, his knees bent over the Typhlosion's shoulders as his face dangled between the beast's gut and his fat dick. His situation grew worse as he felt something familiar SPEAR his little ass, where his clothes went was no real mystery but the feeling of that hot, squirming tongue drilling his tight little hole made the panda SQUEEZE his arms around the beast's dick, only making the beast's efforts double down on that cute little ass in front of him. Jay felt the heavy, smokey breaths puff from the Typhlosion's nose as they rolled over his own reluctantly growing erection, only making the panda whine more as his body was forced to respond to all the feelings assaulting it. Jay tried to grit his teeth and throw his head back to avoid the moan building in his throat, only for his nose to press against the leathery folds of the beast's sheath, filling his head with the thick, masculine musk of sweat and dried cum that radiated from the monster's sheath. Jay's head spun with all the feelings, smells and tastes abusing his brain, the panda's mouth falling open as a long moan forced itself from his lips, his body submitting to the Typhlosion's advances even if his brain didn't want to.

The Typhlosion's body FWUMPed to the ground, dragging Jay down with him to bounce slightly on that warm, chubby belly, the weight of that dick pressing down on Jay's chest, only making his arms give another soft squeeze, feeling it pulse again and cover his lower belly and crotch with warm precum. The panda let out a low groan as he was spun around to lay his head on that cushy chest, his body laying atop that big ol Typhlosion and feeling the beast's heartbeat in front of him mirrored by the twitching of the monstrous dick on his back, it held some certain peaceful feeling despite the peril. Jay's cheek felt the flat heat of something metal under his cheek, his arms weakly pushing himself up to see a chain-link collar with a nameplate wrapped around the beast's neck. "C-Cinder?" Jay asked, his eyes half open, consciousness starting to fade again as the heat of the monster below him was starting to exhaust his poor body. The Typhlosion let out a big HUFF of smoke and grabbed Jay's face yet again, this time pulling it over his shoulder in a strong, comforting hug, rewarding the panda for learning his name. The heat and steamed sweat rising from the two of them started to make Jay's head go dizzy again, even hugged over the beast's shoulder with access to the 'fresher' air down here Jay could still feel the fire badger's body continue to heat up, .

A sudden PRESS of that thick, flat cockhead against his slightly stretched ass reminded Jay of the situation he was really in. The panda's eyes went WIDE as he let out a GASP, the feeling of Cinder's strong fore paws pressing down on his ass made his legs twitch and writhe, trying to get away from the oversized horsecock trying to break into his body. With a sickening POP the panda felt his legs go limp and numb, his maw opening wide to let out a ghastly groan, his eyes twitching as what should have been pain shot through his body, only feeling numbness from his waist down and a wet HEAT being pumped into his body. Jay's arms grabbed around Cinder's neck, squeezing around its width as he was slowly PRESSED downward by those surprisingly strong arms, splitting him in half with the girth of that monster's dick as inch by inch of smooth, precum slathered, twitching cock meat was plunged and forced deeper into his body. By the time Jay's feeling returned his ass was perched on Cinder's medial ring, tears streamed freely down the panda's face as he gagged and groaned, his face pressed into the beast's sweaty chest, his maw forced open to try and gasp in breaths only to get filled with the steaming sweat resonating off of the Typhlosion's body. Jay tried to look up at the beast that was ripping him in half, trying to find sympathy from the monster but only seeing Cinder smiling down at him. This beast didn't see a panda being broken in half around his dick, he didn't see a pokemon trainer or even a person on his belly, he only saw a sniveling little cocksleeve only useful for getting him off. As Cinder's hands moved to PRESS down on Jay's shoulders, POPPING that medial ring into the panda and audibly CRACKING the panda's lower ribs with his invading cock tip, Jay knew that this beast wasn't afraid to break his toys.

Jay's arms grabbed around his chest as he tried to whine, tried to call out for someone to help but nothing left his lungs besides for gasps and groans as Cinder's dick firmly LODGED itself into his chest cavity, squishing the air out of his lungs and cracking his ribs and causing him to sob short breaths with every PULSE of that cock. Every beat of Cinder's heart sent a shock through Jay's body, his stomach feeling full and his vision going black as he tried to hold on to consciousness, knowing he might not wake up again if he fell under now. With a final SHOVE Jay's eyes went WIDE, his vision going white as he felt the ring attached to Cinder's sheath SEAR into the base of his tail, burning away the fur instantly and scalding his skin with the heat of a Typhlosion in rutt. Cinder finally stopped moving for the most part, simply letting Jay BAKE alive with the heat radiating from under and inside of him, roasting the poor panda inside out. The Typhlosion yawned wide and sat up a little, pushing Jay's face aside to plant that panda's muzzle into one of the epicenters of the monster's musk, that thick-furred pit. Jay had to keep his mouth open at this point, the little breaths that he was able to huff in between the beats of Cinder's dick letting him barely cling to life but now that he was smothered into Cinder's pit, all he could taste or breathe was the salty, stinging musk of the monster's sweat. The panda's body barely even twitched as Cinder wrapped and scalded Jay's tail into that thick sheath-ring, tying the panda to his dick before collapsing backwards once more. Jay weakly tried to crawl out of the beast's pit before a hand PRESSED his muzzle deeper, filling his maw with the taste of sweat-soaked fur, the feeling of somebody 'licking' his pits making Cinder groan and THRUST, jostling Jay's entire body to make it convulse and squeeze his flaring tip before heading off to sleep himself, knowing that the new toy wrapped around his dick would at least catch a few gallons of the spunk he was going to blow that night. Cinder was already thinking of where he would find a new toy in the morning, knowing that the one currently wrapped around him would probably not make it to see the morning. The thought of tomorrow's hunt made Cinder growl, his paws gripping around the already lifeless bundle of singed fur wrapped around his dick, pumping the final twitches of Jay's body to feel that last bit of tightness fade before that flare ERUPTED in Jay's chest. With no resistance Jay's maw became a fountain of seed, spraying that steaming hot gunk all over Cinder's little abode, marking his territory with the pungent smell of his thick seed before wrapping a paw around Jay's muzzle, keeping it closed to feel the lifeless panda start to fill with his burning hot lust. Cinder would DEFINITELY have to find a new toy in the morning, but for the night, even a broken one would work.