It had been almost a month since Jay first made the mistake of coming over, the panda had been squished, stretched, stuffed, clawed, bit, churned, and swallowed so many times it made his head spin just thinking about it. Every morning he would wake up one of two ways, either slowly re-forming in a condom while the massive growth-obsessed umbreon that put him there napped happily or he would get the 'privilege' of waking up in a doggy bed with a twitching canine cock pointed at his face. All the growth potions that Shade had been drinking like water seemed to have some lasting effects, much to the panda's dismay. First of all, was the sheer size of the beast, now standing with his chest at face level for the poor redpan and second was his aggression. Normally Shade would simply get his rocks off and then leave the poor panda twitching and gaped on the floor but as of the past week, Shade had been making sure that the panda never left his sight. Jay was forced to sleep underneath the weight of that massive pup, squishing him to the uncomfortable doggy bed he now called home, his head usually shoved down with a forepaw with terrifyingly sharp claws. It seemed like the big bastard was getting some sick satisfaction out of abusing and putting the fear of god into his little toy.

Today started just about the same as any other this week. Jay was woken up from his slumber by a wet feeling dripping onto his head. The panda groaned, the loose-fitting collar around his neck jingling, a tag that simply read "Shade's Bitch." The collar had just enough slack in it to let the pup thrust freely into Jay's maw whenever he wanted, the panda letting out another groan as he thought of the soreness of his throat. Jay didn't even try to move at this point, knowing that the much larger beast had him in a death grip and was drooling onto his face. A low sigh left Jay's chest as he laid there, having to accept his fate of being a spoiled pup's favorite snuggle toy. 'At least he isn't biting again' the panda thought, trying to press his head back into the warm fluff of the umbreon's chest to get a bit more sleep. A door closing across the house-made Shade BOLT upright, his forepaws stomping the back of Jay's head into the doggy bed as the beast's tail wagged excitedly. 'Oh good, Zaun's up, that means he'll take Shade for a walk and I can have at least SOME time to myself' He had tried running away before but with a combination of his trembling legs and Shade's tracking skills, poor Jay was usually found, mounted, knotted and dragged back to the house by the end of the day. Jay grumbled again as he realized something else as the pup guarding him stood up. Usually when he got back from his walks Shade was full of energy and his body was dappled with a light sweat. This meant that the pup would be slamming his knot home in Jay's little mouth while heavy, musk-tainted nuts batted and bullied his face... The panda groaned at the thought.

The dragon came into view and Shade bounded over, licking at the dragon's face and waiting to be taken out for his walk. What Jay heard next made his heart SINK in his chest. "Heya hon, I'm kinda in a rush today, do ya mind taking Shade out for his morning walk?" Jay sat up just in time for Zaun to toss a leash at him, a clip on one end and a loop on the other. 'But Shade doesn't wear a collar to clip onto' Jay thought for a second before Shade came over and cleared things up perfectly. The pup picked up the loop of the collar in his maw and smiled down to the panda, left with the clip end and a collar around his neck. Jay let out a soft whimper as his ears flattened to the sides of his head but Zaun was already gone and he was fully at the mercy of the beast in front of him. A low growl rumbled in Shade's throat as he glared daggers through those glowing read eyes, his irritation flaring as Jay had still not put the leash on. The pup lifted his forepaw and extended his claws, clearly threatening the panda that if he wasn't able to get outside to walk off his morning energy, then Jay would have to be his chew toy to play with instead. Jay gulped and clicked the leash to his collar, grumbling a bit at the satisfied purr now rolling through his tormentor's throat. A jingle and a YANK brought Jay to his feet, the panda grabbing at the leash to try and put a break in the force pulling him to the door. "B-but I'm not even dressed\!" he pleaded, only to see Shade's head turn around, his chest puffed out high as he smugly looked down on the little panda. With that Jay knew that any type of argument was futile and simply hung his head to accept his fate.

Shade tugged the panda outside with ease, Jay's legs still wobbly from being knotfucked and churned on repeat for the past few weeks didn't make walking easy for the panda, but he managed to get out the door at the very least. The sun was blinding at first as it was probably the first time Jay had seen it in the past week or so, usually being stuffed under the big beast's body for most of the day and shoved into a pillow for most of the night. The warmth felt nice on Jay's fur, his eyes closing as he let out a relaxing sigh only to get "HRLK\!" yanked towards the road. Shade looked at the panda stumbling behind him and smiled. Even with the sun shining on him it was hard to tell where the beast's body ended and his fluff began, a practical black hole of fur standing on four legs. Jay let out little whining whimpers as he was tugged along, Shade's head lifted high as the pup enjoyed himself, trotting around and showing the other joggers in the neighborhood his favorite toy. A few of the joggers stopped and stared at the display, poor Jay trying to cover his body with his hands only to get TUGGED forward again. The panda stumbled into Shade's fore leg, looking up at the pup to notice something that made his stomach churn, Shade had started to grow. The pup was standing tall, well above Jay now, his foreleg easily the size of the much smaller panda as it lifted up, tugging the leash between his forelegs to force Jay under his chest. Jay's whimpers of protests only earned him another sharp TUG of that leash, Shade moving nice and slow to stand over the little panda, making sure that even when they were outside, Shade was still looming over the poor panda.

The tension on his leash never ceased, the panda being held up by his neck as he was pulled along underneath the padding pup. Just as he was thinking 'How could this get any more embarrassing' He heard a THROB behind his head. Jay didn't need to turn around to know what that was, the pup leading his pet panda off to the side of the road into a patch of grass. Shade's head kept that leash held TIGHT, keeping Jay standing right between the beast's fore legs, completely at his mercy. "S-Shade, don't\!" Jay tried to put on an authoritative voice only for the leash to fall to the ground in front of him. His instincts to bend down and pick it up were put on hold, knowing what would happen if he bent forward while under the mass of fluff and muscle above him. Just as he was about to take a step forward a strong BLAST hit him in the back of his head. Jay's nose instantly filled with the acrid smell of puppy piss, his head shaking as it was shot with that high-pressure stream. "ACK\! SHADE NO\!" He tried to argue, only for a forepaw to SLAM onto the square of his back, pinning him down to the ground as Shade crouched over him, soaking his fur and body in that yellow stream, marking him for everyone around to see and smell. It was hard to breathe with the pressure of that stream splashing over the back of his head, every gasp he tried to take unintentionally splashing that bitter brew onto his tongue.

Jay struggled to get onto his hands and knees as that stream finally came to a halt, the panda coughing and spitting, trying to get the taste of Shade's mark out of his mouth, only to feel his sopping fur sag down, dripping with the unmistakable scent of what was now his owner's mark. Jay finally got the chance to GASP in air between his whimpers, only for the sound to be overshadowed by another loud THROB. Jay cursed at the big pup under his breath, angry that the beast seemed to get so much pleasure from his misery only to feel that throbbing member poke itself under his tail. "EEK\!" Jay's head lifted up only to get STOMPED into the puddle of piss-made mud, a growl ringing in his ears that made his whole body tense up and let out another pathetic whimper. This sad excuse for a noise coming from under him naturally got Shade excited, his cocktip SPLORT-ing a shot of pre into Jay's ass, the only lube the poor panda was going to get for this day's services. Jay felt a forepaw press down on his back, it's claws RAKING back and slicing into his skin to make the poor panda "YIPE\!" yet again, his wounds quickly being STUNG with the burning piss that was so well soaked into his fur. Those claws raked their way all the way down his back, making the panda raise his head and let out a cry, his cheeks flowing with tears as the burning hot feeling of his wounds was ignited by the seeping fluids.

When Shade's paw finally reached the panda's tail his claws GRIPPED around the sopping mess of fluff, yanking it high to raise the panda's ass into prime breeding position. All Jay could do was stare back and grit his teeth, seeing that easily two-foot-long dick PULSE angrily behind him, the dormant knot waiting in that sheath easily the size of his head carrying every intent on sinking between his cheeks. The first THRUST made Jay's hands slide in the acrid mud, the movement making the claw wounds on his back sting as he was pushed down onto his chest, ass still tugged high by his tail as the first thrust only managed to knock him down, his slightly gaped pucker holding strong so far. The second THRUST Jay was not so lucky, getting SPEARED good and proper by that twitching cock, thick as his thigh and PULSING with excitement as it got to rip open it's favorite toy yet again, this time in full view of the whole neighborhood. Jay's gasps for air were only met with the evaporating puddle he was laying in, making his face scrunch up in a wince before another THRUST slid his chest in the mud another few inches, lodging another few inches of twitching, pre spurting dog dick into his belly. He could hear a crowd gathering now, the first glance of a 10-foot-tall umbreon catching their attention before the squealing, squelching sounds of those heavy THRUSTS drew them in closer. Jay could hear the sounds of cameras snapping pictures and the giggles of passersby as they got the show of a lifetime. Shade of course was loving this attention, lifting his forepaw up to let everyone see the shame-filled panda getting RAMMED with another thrust, bulging out his lithe belly with the twitching outline of the beast's dick.

A soft PLAP let Jay know that the monstrous knot he was being punished by finally hit his rear. The panda had been pushed and scooted a good four feet from where he started, a smear of piss mixed mud showing the entire crowd just how hard the panda was getting railed. Jay could barely breathe with the twitching, pre spurting tip of Shade's cock lodged in his lower chest, but his short gasps for breath between thrusts only made the beast growl deeply and POUND harder, feeling like he was trying to split the panda in two from the bottom up with the sheer force of his dick. For Jay, it felt like it was working, every thrust stretching his already sore and bullied hole wider, the built-up trauma of a month of being an overgrown pup's plaything made the panda groan aloud, his pathetic whimpers drowned out by the PLAPPLAPLAP of that knot stretching him out slowly but surely. Just as Jay thought the crushing force of that massive dog on top of him couldn't get worse, Shade's chest FLOPPED down onto him, the beast's full weight pressing down on him as those thrusts grew faster. If there was any air left in Jay's lungs he would be screaming, the pain of his ass being stretched apart and the crushing weight of the multi ton beast pressing on him making his vision go white even if he was surrounded by black fluff. With a sickening POP\! the crowd let out a collective gasp, that massive head-sized knot finally sunk into the little cocksleeve of a panda.

Shade let out a pleasured groan as he slowly lifted himself up, the pup's smile a stark contrast to the gasping, huffing, crying little panda now dangling from his cock. Jay's chest felt full, his breath only possible with short gasps as the thick rod of dog dick filling his body had pressed up against his lungs. The crowd began to disperse, most of them satisfied with the show, others afraid of what was to come next but there was someone in the crowd that spoke up. "SIT\!" A shrill voice chirped from the dissipating crowd, a small kobold walking up to the massive standing umbreon, watching Jay dangle from the beast's crotch, gasping and barely able to touch the ground with his fingertips. Shade, for some reason, listened to the command, plopping himself down and making Jay groan as he was finally graced with the ability to touch the ground, maybe even able to relax. The best he could at least, what with the fat, twitching dick lodged in his body. "Jay? Is that you stuck on there? Jeez I always knew you were a slut but didn't know you needed dick bad enough to let some random dog fuck your brains out\!" Jay's head wobbled woozily, picking it up to see a little familiar grey kobold with a blue patch on his nose. "W-Waffle?" Jay groaned, grabbing at the twitching bulge in his gut and wincing. Shade was softly lapping at the back of his forepaw, using it to wipe down the fur on his head, unbothered by the little kobold bugging his cocksleeve.

Waffle smiled and walked up to the dangling, dazed panda, pressing a twitching cock against Jay's muzzle and giggling. "If you needed someone to fuck you ya coulda asked\!" Waffle giggled, grabbing the sides of Jay's face and THRUSTING down the panda's throat. The little bits of air that Jay was able to gasp in was interrupted by a twitching kobold cock plugging his throat. Jay's eyes opened wide, his vision still blurry from the tears welling in his eyes and all he could see was Waffle's knot popping in and out of his lips as the little bastard humped away at his face. "See? Look at NNNF\! H-how calm he's being\! He just needed Nnnnn yeah\~ A dominant command to settle him down\!" Waffle teased, his balls swinging up to CLAP against Jay's chin. The panda was in no condition to fight off the kobold, his hands felt like lead bricks and his legs were completely numb, the only thing he could feel was the throbbing of Shade's cock replacing half of his body weight and Waffle's cock shooting pre into his throat. "F-FUCK\! Get ready slut\!" Waffle's hands gripped around Jay's muzzle, squeezing it tight to hear the POP\! of his knot past the panda's lips. Jay groaned weakly as he felt the kobold's cock pulse ropes of salty seed down his throat, gulping them down with ease since at this point he was used to Shade dumping heavier pulses of pre than the kobold's entire orgasm. "Great\~ Now my hands smell like dog piss because SOMEONE can't keep their pet under control\~" Waffle teased as he slapped his cock onto Jay's face a few times, enjoying the powerlessness of his 'friend'.

The kobold reached down and grabbed the discarded leash that laid on the floor, picking it up and offering it to Shade with a sadistic smile. "Keep'm busy will ya big guy\~" Waffle sneered, loving the sight of Jay strung up and stuck by a knot to such a massive beast. Shade stood up and stretched a bit, once again lifting Jay up in the air to let him dangle by that knot, stretching and slowly pulling that gargantuan knot free with the sheer force of gravity alone. Waffle giggled at the sight of the poor panda swinging lazily under that beast, forgetting to keep an eye on the pup's head. His mistake was emphasized almost instantly, his hand suddenly feeling warm and wet as it offered the leash to Shade. Waffle looked up to see Shade's lips halfway down his arm. "N-NO\! DOWN\!" Waffle tried to command, his voice cracking as Shade leaned down further, gulping Waffle's arm into his throat with leash in hand, sealing his lips around the kobold's chest and lifting him high in the air. Waffle's legs kicked and he struggled, his vision blocked by the dark, wet warmth of Shade's maw, his face getting slapped around by that wide, flat canine tongue. The kobold's struggles were soon GULPED down, slowly sliding down Shade's tight, squeezing throat, his entire body freezing up as the insanity of what was happening hit him. Shade let out a loud BELCH, his tongue flicking and his head shaking a bit as the leash Waffle was holding onto was now swallowed along with the kobold, YANKING Jay up against the umbreon's belly.

Jay's hands grabbed at the collar around his neck, trying to create space so that he could breathe, his head strapped against Shade's chest as the stinging claw marks on his back were disturbed by Waffle's wiggling, making them sting anew. Shade grumbled softly at the wiggling, struggling kobold in his gut, the pup lifting his head high and GULPING down a wad of spittle to smother the little wiggling lizard, trying to get him to stop moving like a good little preyslut. A deep growl started to roll in Shade's chest and Jay felt a stiff THROB run through him. The panda whimpered as he knew what was coming next, the ground growing further and further away from the dangling panda as Shade began to grow again, accommodating for the struggling kobold in his gut. Jay felt that growth firsthand, the cock that had only its tip buried in his chest started to PULSE, pushing deeper up into his chest, squishing his already struggling lungs flat and cracking his ribs to make room for that growing dick. Jay's head began to spin again as Shade kept growing, 12 feet made his rib cage crack and stretch, 14 feet made his throat clog up and a thick SPURT of pre spew from his mouth replaced his groans with wet gurgles. 16 feet was the breaking point though, tears flowed from Jay's cheeks, a second salty fluid dripping from his fur soon to be added to as that cock tip PULSED and grew out to the back of his throat\! The outline of Shade's knot could be SEEN through Jay's lower belly, that massive twitching ball of tying flesh now a bit wider than the panda's waist itself, securing itself and making sure that there was NOWHERE for it to go.

The last thing Jay remembered of that day was the feeling of his entire body getting shot through by a surging WAVE of seed that pulsed its way through Shade's cock. The panda spewed freely, getting a taste of every ounce of cum that shot from the cocktip lodged in the back of his throat, washing out the taste of Waffle's load with the pure, potent puppy batter of his MASTER.

Jay woke in a state that would at this point be considered a normal state, groggy, head fuzzy, body feeling like jello, and staring out to the inside of Zaun's living room through the thin rubber layer of a condom. Jay groaned and laid back in the sloshing contents of the massive cum bubble, floating on the churning surface of that still lukewarm load, the feeling of afterglow still fresh in his body as his currently goopy form let him experience some of the ripping pleasure that Shade felt when he abused his chosen doggy toy. This trance-like state was interrupted by a loud SQUEAL\! Jay's eyes opened and flicked over to a scene that inflicted a fit of surprising jealousy into him; Shade was mounting some squealing, squirming thing, some poor bastard with grey and blue fur being jackhammered by the pokemon's hips. The sight of Waffle's head throwing itself back in pleasure and pain of Shade's teeth sunk into the kobold's neck and Shade's knot POPPING its way into the kobold's little ass somehow made Jay angry\! The condom-bound slut slammed a semi-solid fist against the springy walls of his prison as he watched Waffle's belly BLOAT with seed. As the kobold passed out Jay couldn't help but scoff, Shade was only in his basic 6' tall form\! Jay could take that knot and stay conscious now\! The little kobold wasn't even as good of a toy as he was\!

"You awake? Cool\! So Shade brought home a kobold to mess around with while you're re-forming but truth be told he's kinda cute\~" Zaun cooed from behind the walls of the condom, making Jay snap his head around and stare at the dragon. "Tell ya what, I think I'll take the kobold as MY personal toy and I'll let Shade keep you\~ How's that sound Jay?" A dagger of conflict struck itself through Jay's heart. On one hand it was nothing short of an insult that Zaun would choose Waffle as HIS toy while quite literally throwing the panda to the dog. But on the other hand, watching Shade fall asleep on top of a twitching mass of fluff that WASN'T him filled Jay with a surprising bout of jealous rage and made a burning feeling of Shade's claw marks on his back FLARE up in pain. Shade had marked HIM\! And he would be damned if this little kobold was going to take that\! Zaun chuckled as he saw the fire in Jay's eyes ignite, the dragon poking the sloshing condom to get the panda's attention back. "Seems like you prefer to be a dog toy huh hon? Alright, I'll talk to Shade about it later\~" The dragon's face carried a genuine grin, smiling warmly as he discussed Jay's foreseeable future as nothing but a breeding mount for a sadistic pup. "G-good..." Jay grumbled under his breath.