“G-good morning Shade\! I was just making your breakfast and-” Jay’s terrified face relaxed a bit as he saw Shade put his head back down. The oversized pup was still sleepy, the cold night air probably hitting his nose and making him settle on another bit of rest before he got up for the night. Jay let out a long sigh as he limped towards the kitchen, Shade did a NUMBER on him the night before, popping his jaw out of socket with that oversized dick, bloating his body to the point that he sloshed with every step. ‘Fucking Zaun… that stupid dragon was going to pay DEARLY when he got back from his vacation. Leaving off on a trip and leaving his MUTT with me to torment me all WEEK\!’ Jay thought as he mumbled to himself, using the last of his groceries to make food for the literal TON of umbreon snoozing in the middle of his living room. His house was a mess, his couch bent and broken, probably from Shade trying to lay on it, forgetting his size. There were puddles of spunk everywhere, drops dribbled either off of Jay’s face or from the beast’s dick itself. There were also the little dribbles that Jay blasted onto the floor from getting his throat resized BUT THAT WASN’T THE POINT\!

Jay, of course, wouldn’t be needing his own breakfast, nor any other meals this week since Shade was probably going to stuff him so full every other hour that he might POP from the pressure, but feeding that MONSTER took a LOT\! The panda grumbled and waddled into his living room as he looked for his phone. The disgusting feeling of his belly sloshing around and the dried cum making his fur crackle when he moved certain ways made him sick, but it wasn’t anything new to him at this point. Finding his phone the panda sighed, staring at the slumbering, softly purring monstrosity of an umbreon laying in the middle of his house. This fucking beast was cruel, evil, a rapist, a monster, and several times before, he even ATE him\! And yet, Jay wasn’t mad at the beast. He was pissed at Zaun for springing this on him, he was pissed at the fact that the monster’s dick was going to be inside of him more often than not this week, and yet, seeing that big, fluffy head, those long ears and that subtle smile on his snoozing face, Jay could only sigh. 

From what he’d experienced, Jay knew the draft horse-sized canine pokemon had the softest fur, a radiating warmth and a tendency for snuggling. Now that he thought about it, though, he realized he had never actually PET the pup’s fur. He had pounded on the beast’s legs as he begged for air, grabbed firstfulls of it as he begged the beast not to stuff that torso-sized knot in his ass, he had even felt his hands slip on the mutt’s spittle while getting his throat resized to FIT that wide, flat tongue. Jay sighed and put a hand on Shade’s head, right in the center of that currently slumbering golden ring of fur. It was soft, warm, comfy even. The beast’s purr grew louder as Jay felt a smile grow over his face, the giant mutt finally showing some affection that wasn’t preceded by a brutal breeding. It felt safe almost, Jay knew that Shade wouldn’t let anyone ELSE hurt him, but he also knew he was playing with fire being this close to the beast while he was sleeping. Even when he was dead asleep there were a few times where Shade would grab Jay up and fuck him senseless off of instinct alone but tonight felt different.

The pup’s head raised up a bit, nuzzling into Jay’s hand as the panda felt that soft fur encompass his fingers. That purr was comforting, soothing even, it made Jay want to snuggle with the giant mutt for a bit, press his head into that warm, fluffy chest and sleep off the chill of the night, but he had to finish making the brat’s food first. Jay sighed and flipped through his phone while he idly pet the pup, seeing that Zaun had at least sent some money over to pay for Shade’s food. Not that he would ever have the time to go and GET the food if the mutt kept his legs from working the whole week\! Jay sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He’d probably have some poor delivery driver bring it over. Worst case scenario Zaun would have to send him more money, best case, and Jay hated to call it that, Shade would eat the delivery driver and save them a meal or two.

Unable to come to peace with the fact that Shade had somehow shifted his moral views so far, Jay got up on his struggling legs and made the pup breakfast. Setting the meat and rice in the biggest bowl that he had, Jay watched as Shade picked his head up, sniffing the air as he walked into the kitchen, walking up to Jay and dwarfing him with his sheer size. The beast stared down at him with those glowing red eyes, unable to even stand up fully inside the house. The looming pokemon stared down at Jay long enough to make the panda squirm a bit, his little eyes unable to hold contact as he turned his head, pointing to the overflowing bowl of food. “J-just eat your breakfast alright?” Jay whimpered, his voice barely even audible, but Shade heard that cracking voice and started to purr, leaning down to give Jay’s face a BIG lick with that wide tongue. Puppy breath mixed with morning breath assailed Jay’s nose, he wasn’t terribly unused to the smell by now but it still wasn’t his favorite as it usually transitioned into something far worse.

“S-Shade\! No\! J-just EAT YOUR BREAKFAST\! LEAVE ME AL-GARLK\!” The assault of licks kept coming, Shade’s excited, purring, giant head bobbing up and down as Jay tried to push it away. Unfortunately for Jay, Shade’s tongue was longer than the panda’s arms. After the first few licks added a layer of saliva over his already cum-coated face, the pokemon STUFFED the panda’s mouth full with tongue. Jay’s arms buckled, letting Shade’s face press against his, that flaring nose breathing heavy, humid breaths to break over his face as that tongue SHOT down his throat on repeat. Getting a few feet of slick, slimy dog tongue stuffed down your throat was NOT exactly soothing for someone who’s throat was still recovering from getting FUCKED like a fleshlight, but it wasn’t the worst thing for it. Even though his eyes were watering, even though Shade was pushing him back to bump and lay flat over the counter, even if Shade rested his head on his chest, assaulting his mouth and throat with thick, bubbling spittle, his throat was starting to feel a bit less sore. 

By the time Shade pulled his head back, Jay was panting, coughing and spitting pokemon spittle, laying on his kitchen island countertop, barely able to see, with how oxygen deprived his brain was. Shade was nowhere near done with him though, something that Jay noticed as the pup’s glowing, golden rings started to shine brightly in the dark of the night. With his arms and legs slipping on the smooth, spittle-covered countertop, Jay wasn’t even able to get himself away from that elevated spot, realizing all too late that it was the perfect height for Shade to MOUNT. With the full weight of the beast’s chest pressing down on him to keep him still, Jay struggled and tried to push, tried to swing his arms to punch at the beast, trying to get himself free as he felt the HEAT of the beast’s member poking his little ass. 

“SHADE\! NO\! DOWN\! EAT YOUR BREAKFAST AND HRRNGG\!” Jay’s arms were too pinned down to get any leverage, his chest crushed flat by a sudden PRESSING of Shade’s weight down on him, silencing his pleas for help while forcing him to let out a low whine. All Jay could do was flop his head back, his neck down was consumed by the thick void of black fur and he could feel his crotch and ass get prodded by that stiffening morning wood. Shade turned his head down, letting Jay see his upside-down face, the beast’s lips parting to show off those hand-sized, pearly white daggers he called teeth. And then… nothing. Shade’s gaze stared at the little panda, smiling and snickering to himself as he waited for something, his hips humping gently at his little toy’s crotch and rear. Jay knew he wasn’t getting out of this, he knew he wasn’t going to get off of this counter until Shade’s knot was pulsing disgustingly inside of him. All thoughts that he would be able to get a shower and a SEMBLANCE of a normal morning went out the window as he grumbled.

“Fine\! J-just… please no knot?” Jay tried to bargain, trying to give the beast the cutest face he could muster, only getting a growl and a wet, slapping lick to his face in return. Shade’s hips THRUST again, jabbing that oversized tip into Jay’s nuts, making the panda wince and whine. He was either going to give the beast permission or he was going to get humped against until the beast found purchase, probably having to sacrifice his own manhood first if this kept up. “FINE\!” Jay whimpered as he lifted his legs, able to press his feet against the beast’s thighs, the monster of a pup so big that he couldn’t even DREAM about wrapping his legs fully around the pokemon. “Just be gen-GARLK\!” Unable to finish his sentence due to a wet, slimy tongue JUTTING into his throat, Jay knew he was fucked.

With his arms trapped under the beast’s chest, unable to reach higher due to Shade’s forelimbs in the way and his legs pressing back against Shade’s thighs, praying he could slow the beast’s humps with his own wobbling strength, Jay braced for the worst. With his throat stuffed to the brim with a constant, lapping in-and-out of Shade’s ‘affection’  Jay could only groan and whimper as the beast’s tip PRESSED and stretched his cheeks apart. His hands held fistfuls of that void-like fur, his legs pushing so hard against Shade’s thighs that they started to shake, but it didn’t matter. One thrust was all it took to make Jay’s eyes go wide, his legs to go limp and his arms to fall over the sides of the counter. If it wasn’t for the sheer, crushing WEIGHT of that monster laying on him he would have fallen right off of that counter but instead his ass STRETCHED apart to allow that oversized dick in. It burned, it hurt, it stretched him FAR past what should be possible and yet Jay blew his own load that moment. 

‘I’ve been here before\! It’s just because he CRUSHED my prostate\! It’s not because he’s choking me with his tongue, not because he’s using me like a breeding toy, not because he’s so fucking HUGE\!’ Jay thought, trying to rationalize it to himself. But nothing was rational about this. Shade was the size of an award-winning horse, his dick was thicker than Jay’s thigh, he was somehow both a silly puppy and a sadistic monster. He could feel his belly deforming, bulging out and pressing against Shade’s, he could feel the dizziness of not breathing starting to set in, he could also feel jets of the spunk Shade pumped down his throat last night shooting out of his nose, forced out by the sheer weight of the beast laying on top of him. The flickering consciousness was going to come next, he was going to pass out getting humped by this beast, then he would wake up, still pinned down, then pass out again. Maybe he would wake up to the pain of getting his shoulder CLAMPED down on by those dagger-teeth, maybe Shade would let him stay passed out until the pain of getting that knot stuffed into his guts woke him back up. It didn’t matter… Shade’s nightly walk would come after this and Jay groaned as his eyes rolled back in his head. He would either have to ‘walk’ the mutt while dangling from his knot or find a wheelchair to roll alongside him in because the beast decided to pull out that torso sized knot while he was still hard. Either way, that was a problem for future Jay, current Jay was choking out on that slimy, slick, warm, delicious tongue.