Positive reinforcement comes in different forms of pleasure. Either through treats, gifts, reassurance or pure physical pleasure itself. Likewise, negative reinforcement comes in different shapes and sizes, from pain to scolding to fear, elevating all the way to terror. With a combination of these two in response to actions you have the basis of all training. Without any positive reinforcement you have a fearful, abused creature that has nothing to look forward to and only lives to avoid rules they might not fully understand. Without any negative reinforcement you have a spoiled brat that doesn’t understand the consequences of their actions. The wolf wasn’t tamed with fear but with love and yet at the same time nobody has ever trained a lion to jump through a flaming hoop without a whip.

Jay was all too familiar with the basic methods of training, the red panda never had any pets of his own and yet he knew firsthand the effects of both kinds of reinforcement. Being an otherwise averagely built guy it would have made sense for Jay to settle down and get a pet of his own and slowly learn how to train the little guy but instead he learned these principles from the other end of the relationship. A pet is trained for obedience, either for the purpose of doing a job or for the purpose of being a perfect companion. Either way, obedience is the goal to simplify it and Jay knew that all too well.

Being the pet while being aware of this was a horrifying experience. Every time his body was forced to feel the pleasure of his prostate being flattened while he was doing his obedient duty as his Master’s fleshlight he tried to tell himself to ignore the growing connection between the two. He was being RAPED\! His body was being torn apart and reformed around the twitching dick of some giant BEAST that didn’t know what it was doing\! Shade, the Master in question, was a goliath of an umbreon, a towering, oversized BRAT of a creature that surely didn’t understand what he was doing to Jay’s neural pathways and so it only made sense for Jay to fight\! Right?

Every day Jay would have to fight the waves of obedience crashing into his subconscious while his conscious faded in and out. He never went a day without being pinned down and stuffed full from one end or another by a dick the size of his torso. Yet all of the ‘positive’ reinforcement didn’t come from his body being forced to experience orgasm through the feeling of his Master’s head-sized knot BREAKING in and form-fitting his ass around it. Shade also had a bit of a softer side to him. While the beast usually slept during the day and was most active at night, it didn’t really affect Jay’s sleep cycle. Half because he was being fucked unconscious like a whimpering, screaming and crying fleshlight and half because whenever Shade layed down to rest he would swaddle Jay in the tightest, warmest, and begrudgingly admittedly comfiest snuggles the panda had ever known.

It was safe when Shade curled up around him, it was warm, comfortable even. Sure the beast’s fur carried the earthy smell of an oversized mutt and sure half the time when Jay was subject to these snuggles it was because of Shade’s pulsing knot keeping him tied to the oversized brat. Yet, after spending weeks or months on end surrounded by that soft, plush fur, protected from the pains of the outside world, the pressure of work, of impressing people, of forcing relationships, of normality, it felt… safe. Even more so when that massive draft-horse sized vulpine would start to purr and snuggle in closer, squeezing his little pet through their rest. He WAS more than a pet, he was Shade’s mate when they slept like this, he was protected by the same beast that tortured and ravaged him for months on end. Maybe it was the delirium of having his organs shunted into his chest by a pulsing dog dick, but it was hard not to connect Shade’s scent with safety after all this time.

Of course it wasn’t only safety that Shade provided. While the beast would hunt and capture his prey of choice, be it a night-jogger or some poor bastard unlucky enough to work the night shift in a 50 mile radius, Shade would always make sure his pet was just as well fed. Naturally Jay couldn’t literally swallow a man whole like Shade, the sight of that mutt tilting his head up and gulping down the desperately grabbing hand of his latest victim was a sight that Jay saw all too often. But Shade knew his little mate wasn’t capable of hunting for himself either. That, and the sight of Jay sitting on the floor, scooting backwards in horror and shaking his head in disbelief as his Master turned some person with hopes and dreams into nothing but energy and muscle made the beast EXCITED. And so, after Shade’s stomach stopped squirming and letting out muffled screams accompanied by churning gurgles, Shade would feed his little pet ‘dinner’. 

Even after all this time, Jay still couldn’t fit that fist-thick tip into his mouth without choking. The TASTE of his Master’s salty precum dumping down his throat was something his brain associated with being fed so often that his mouth would salivate uncontrollably at the first SPURT that hit his tongue. Sometimes Shade would be ‘nice’ and let his pet nurse and suckle on his tip, working his shaft with those tiny hands that could barely fit around his girth until he got his liquid meal dumped directly into his gullet. Other times Jay wasn’t so lucky, getting one of Shade’s chest-sized forepaws pressed against the back of his head and his throat resized to fit that gargantuan shaft. Worst of all, in situations like this, Jay couldn’t afford to pass out, he had to fight to stay awake just to grab around the underside of Shade’s knot to stimulate those sensitive nerves so the beast would cum before trying to lodge that MONSTER inside of his jaw. Something Jay learned first hand was NOT good for his health. 

With shelter and food taken care of, all Jay had to worry about was hydration since his ‘meals’ tended to be full of salt and protein. Shade handled this for him too, the mutt would make sure his little pet was nice and hydrated in two major ways. One was his favorite, a show of his love for his little mate. With a paw pinning Jay’s chest down hard enough for the little guy to wheeze, Shade would assault the little guy’s face with loving licks, slathering the panda’s orange, white and black fur with thick, slightly sticky doggy drool. Of course he needed to make sure Jay got his needs so he would always make sure to stuff his tongue DEEP into the panda’s gagging, choking mouth, not letting those hands pressing into his cheeks keep him from making out with his lovely mate. 

When Jay felt more like a pet than a mate though, Shade had a different way of hydrating the little guy. He would stand tall with his chest puffed up and his hind leg raised, letting his pet see the twitching crimson tip of his dick poking out from the sea of black fur under his belly. Jay was well trained at the point that this became a common practice, the panda wouldn’t resist anymore. Sure he would whine and whimper but in the end, that was all he could do before nuzzling up to that dick tip and sealing his lips around it. It was hot, bitter, acrid and a shameful way to survive, but Shade would always snicker as he sighed and emptied his bladder into his pet’s gullet. Any overflow had the bonus of marking the little pathetic piss-gulper as Shade’s toy, as if anyone with a nose couldn’t already tell from fifty feet away.

While positive reinforcement can take a while to truly set in since the pet in question might not realize that their needs are being met out of generosity rather than birthright, negative reinforcement is much easier to understand. Every whimper that Jay let out was met with a positive growl from the beast towering over him, it was simple to understand the cycle. Shade intimidates Jay\>Jay whimpers like the pet he is\>Shade gets hard from the whimpering of his pathetic pet\>Jay experiences orgasms that make him wonder if he could ever go back to living a normal life. While this cycle teaches the pet that his Master is good for him and only has his best interests in mind, sometimes the pet can grow irritable and resistant, too much of which needs correction.

For instance, after meeting all of his physical needs, feeding him, giving him tongue-baths, protecting him from the outside world that might hurt him, filling his body with so much pleasure that it came out of his nose, Jay had the idea once to run away and seek ‘help’ from others\! Naturally, Shade had to deal with this first hand and fast\! Naturally, Shade had to grow to the occasion, needing the extra size to punish his misbehaving brat that he only treated with the utmost kindness beforehand\! When they were being intimate and Shade was treating Jay as his mate, the pup took a respectable size that could technically be compatible with Jay’s body, around six feet at the shoulder and around three quarter ton in weight. But while chasing down his misbehaving brat he needed a fear factor to drive home the idea that Jay should NEVER try to run EVER again\! Standing over ten feet at the shoulder, cracking the concrete under his paws and growling loud enough to set off car alarms, Jay was confronted in the lawn of what used to be his house.

Naturally the panda immediately fell to his knees in shock at the sheer SIZE of his Master, the glowing red eyes glaring down at him and the razor sharp SWORDS of teeth gleaming as they gnashed in his direction. At this point there were some pesky things trying to stop Shade, animal control and a few law enforcers trying to issue commands to the house-sized umbreon. Knowing that he had to put on a show to make SURE it was imprinted in Jay’s mind that running away like this was bad, Shade stomped the ground and let out a bellowing cry towards these meager forces trying to stop him from reclaiming his property. 

Jay got to watch in horror, his ears ringing from the roar and the ground shaking with the mutt’s terrifyingly fast movements as Shade grew another few feet taller between grabbing those poor bastards in his teeth gently and gulping them down whole. It was terrible, horrifying, a fight so one-sided that fight wasn’t even the right word to describe it. Jay watched as the only people he thought could help him were turned into puppy chow. The first two were pulled off their feet and gulped down with two or three growling swallows each, struggling and fighting the horror of their situation before succumbing to the beast’s hunger. The others were luckier, he supposed, as Shade’s mid-fight growth spurt made him large enough to simply pick them up with a single SNAP of his jaws against the pavement, one second there was someone there, then there was only the flash of teeth and the inky darkness of Shade’s muzzle, then when he pulled back up there was nothing.

By the time the ordeal was over, Jay was still sitting in the demolished yard of what used to be his house, massive divots in the shape of paw prints littered the yard, walkways and street in front of him. The sound of sirens was silenced with a pathetic whurr as Shade’s paw STOMPED down on the three police cruisers parked on the destroyed road. The beast himself was so much bigger than massive, standing taller than a two story building, his body big enough to blot out the sun as he loomed over the sniveling wreck of a toy he was here to reclaim, his stomach growling and gurgling as the still-living would-be-protectors fed his body’s growth. All Jay could do was stare up at those piercing red eyes as they gazed down at him, the pathetic little panda not even whincing as Shade curled up around him, letting the little panda hear the pathetic last screams of the used-to-be people in his gut. 

“I-I’ll n-never r-run away a-again.” Jay muttered, earning himself a loving yet possessive lick from a tongue the size of his entire body. The panda shivered as he felt that warm, familiar spittle soak into his fur. So many people just felt that same spittle, that same tongue, as the last thing they would ever feel and yet here he was, being ‘comforted’ by it. Maybe he was lucky. Maybe Shade DID love him. Maybe it was only right that he love Shade back. The beast yawned wide, his fangs the size of Jay’s entire leg, his tongue big enough to be called a mattress and his head heavy enough to break a dump truck’s limits. The sight of the horrors that just transpired before Jay were suddenly cut off by Shade’s body wrapping around him. A fluffy black curtain shaded the little panda from the terror his mate was capable of inflicting. He was safe now, the pancaked police cruisers and animal control van weren’t his problem anymore, the foot prints that sunk a good foot into the solid asphalt weren’t his problem anymore. He was safe now, he was with Shade.

Even if he was tired after all that, Shade needed to get his little mate back home but he lacked a way to carry him that wouldn’t result in that little morsel joining the rest of his still-struggling dinner. An idea struck the massive beast as he saw Jay scoot away from the wiggling, struggling, pleading mass of puppy-food in Shade’s stomach, the panda scooting towards a sheath that was bigger than him. A deep, rumbling purr filled the air, shattering whatever windows weren’t already broken from the thundering footfalls earlier. Jay looked up just in time to be PUSHED by that massive tongue, pressed backwards and once more coated in thick puppy spittle. The panda tried to put his hands up to stop the ‘kisses’ but Shade’s soft tongue simply formed around and squished against Jay’s hands. Slowly the panda was pushed backwards until he felt his feet slip into somewhere warm and tight.

From the outside there would be nothing out of the ordinary besides the sheer size of the beast sitting in that demolished lawn. Just a pooch licking himself with one leg raised and his nose firmly pressed into his crotch. Normally an owner would grumble or yell at a mutt doing that but seeing as Shade was big enough to be considered taxable property, the locals were more concerned with evacuation than scolding him for licking himself. Jay struggled and tried to escape that pressing tongue, his eyes glued shut with spittle and his breath coming in short gasps between those licks, having to wipe off his mouth to clear a passage for air. Any breath he got was tainted by the humid puppy-breath of his Master that he knew all too well and every attempt to move out of the way was met with another LICK. 

By the time Shade was done, Jay couldn’t move anything except his neck and his hands, the familiar scent of Shade’s oversized dick filled the panda’s nose and his burned-in-instincts made him start to drool but he couldn’t see the beast’s dick anywhere\! A single body-shaking THROB told Jay everything he needed to know, but a wet, thick fluid drooling over his head told him more still. Jay struggled as he watched the ground fly away from him, the panda lifted fifteen feet in the air as Shade stood up with his cargo secured in his sheath. Jay’s struggle turned to a desperate GRAB around the underside of the warm, dick-occupied sleeping bag he was stuffed into, his heart pounding in his chest as he felt Shade’s heart beat through his member. If he fell out at this height it would be BAD for him, probably not fatal but by the CRATERS that Shade’s hind legs were leaving in the ground it wouldn’t be bold to assume that getting stepped on afterwards would spell certain doom.

Trying to move backwards to secure himself in Shade’s sheath also seemed to be a bad idea as the pup suddenly skid to a stop in the middle of a street, tearing the water main through the pavement as he tore it up with his paws. A whining huff and a lustful growl told Jay to brace, the little panda grabbing his hands round the outside of Shade’s hanging sheath as a PULSE shot through the dick growing hard on top of him. The sound of that twitching MONSTER was close to deafening but Jay held tight, not wanting to get forced out of his second story ‘window’ onto the ruptured pavement. Shade’s hips jostled and THRUST as the pup growled and huffed, feeling that little living vibrator squirm in his sheath was getting him riled up in a way he didn’t know was possible\! All Jay could do was groan and grab on tight, praying that he wasn’t suddenly ejected but seeing as Shade’s shaft was gliding over his back and SQUISHING him down into the tight confines of that ‘safe’ place, he figured he would be fine if he could just hold out\!

Realization struck and made Jay’s heart SINK as he remembered something. Shade’s knot would always form in his sheath before POPPING out to meet the world (and usually Jay’s holes). The thought of that knot CRUSHING his body inside of Shade’s sheath only to be ejected out onto the street as Shade humped and crushed him further made the panda panic, squirming and wiggling around with newfound purpose as he knew he needed to do SOMETHING\! Spinning around to face that twitching member sucked Jay’s body fully into the musty, humid, wet confines of Shade’s sheath, every ounce of air trapped in here was saturated with the pure scent of Shade’s dick and it was making Jay dizzy and ashamedly VERY hard. OUT OF FORCED REFLEX\! He told himself.

The beast’s dick was already hard, his shaft turgid and twitching as his hips humped and his paws stuttered and stomped more holes into the street. Jay groaned as he felt a sudden pulse make the base of that dick THICKEN and squish him to the inside of the sheath he was in. The poor panda felt like he was being crushed between a wall made of rubber behind him and a rock that kept GROWING in front of him. With some effort and his legs hooked behind the underside of that MONSTER knot, Jay groaned and tugged with every ounce of energy the adrenaline of his situation was giving him. With a loud, wet POP Jay felt every inch of his body get crushed by that growing knot on its way out, finally giving the panda some room to breathe inside of Shade’s sheath, huffing and panting, hyperventilating and filling his lungs with the smell of Shade’s dick. 

It was over, he wasn’t going to get pushed out and fall to the cracked earth just because Shade got horny. Slowly the panda groaned and wiggled around, trying to find his bearings to find the opening to the sheath he was stuffed into. It wasn’t easy with Shade humping around but by tracing the flowing PULSES traveling through the knot-stem of that dick Jay was able to find the way out. If he could get his head out to get some fresh air he was certain that he would mostly be safe… for now. The only problem was, Shade’s knot was fully hard, pulling the tip of his sheath back and sealing any way out for the panda still trapped inside\! Jay whined as he tried to pry his way out, a hand able to get out to get a waft of fresh air in only for the beast to THRUST again and send the panda stumbling back. It was getting too hot, the air was too muggy\! He had to find a way out of this before… before… 

With his thoughts before passing out slowly creeping into his sluggish brain, Jay figured there was only one thing he could do. He lodged himself as best he could and reached his hands out to PRESS on the sensitive underside of that knot. ‘He wasn’t allowed out of Shade’s sheath, but Shade’s dick was. He wasn’t allowed to see fresh air, but Shade’s dick was. He wasn’t allowed to run free, but Master Shade was. His continued existence was only because Master loved him. And so he should do everything to satisfy his Master that he could.’ These were the thoughts slogging through the sludge of Jay’s brain as the panda survived off of the tiny flow of air getting to him thanks to his pressure on Shade’s knot. While Shade groaned, purred, humped and PAINTED the shards of the street under his feet white from the pleasure of having his living vibrator massage his knot, Jay passed out while the deafening PULSES of seed traveled through the knot-stem above him. His consciousness wasn’t needed anymore after all. His Master was satisfied.

