Jay opened the front door to be greeted by a BIG hug, the little red panda getting scooped off his feet and his face shoved into a pair of pecs that felt like marble and smelled like leather. The little panda couldn't do much but hug back and wheeze from the tightness of the hug until he was set back down, huffing and clutching his chest, almost certain he had just broken a rib or two. His assailant stood in front of him, a towering dragon that was damn near two feet taller than him. The redpan's black and red tail flicked behind him "H-hi Zaun..." The panda cooed out, only to get SCOOPED up into a bridal carry by the big ol himbo. The dragon almost never wore a shirt so Jay couldn't help but be embarrassed as he was held against the twitching muscle under that leathery, purple hide. The dragon's tail shut the door behind him as he started to humm softly, setting the little twinky panda down on the couch and groovin over to the kitchen, continuing his little hum. "So nice of ya to come over for dinner sweetie\! I swear you'll love it\! Been cookin all day\!" The dragon chimed, his tone soft and cheery as the smell of what seemed to be chili filled the air. Jay rolled his eyes and took a deep breath to steady himself, looking next to him on the couch and seeing a pair of PIERCING red eyes staring into his soul. The eyes were surrounded by a dense black ball of fur that messed with the panda's depth perception, the only notable mark on the ball of blackness was the eyes and a glowing gold ring on the beast's head. "Uhhh?\!" Jay started to slowly move away from the ball of darkness only for it to call out "BRE\!" and LUNGE towards him. The panda was tackled to the couch in an instant, the ball of black fluff above him pinning him down by the shoulders and slathering his face in loving licks. "BRE\! BRE\! BRE\!" The pup chirped happily, his size was a surprise to the panda, stuck under a beast that weighs about as much as he did was not what he expected today\!

The pup's licks slapped at his face, the wide, wet canine tongue bullying and messing up the poor panda's face fur. Jay's arms pushed up on the beast's chest, only to feel it rumbling with a loud murr and stop the onslaught of kisses. "GASP-GALK?\!" Just as he tried to take in a deep breath the pup LUNGED forward again, pressing a bit of his muzzle into Jay's mouth and continuing those lapping licks inside\! The bit of muzzle pressed into his lips kept Jay from shutting his mouth and the tongue constantly lapping at his own made his eyes go wide. French kissing a beast was for SURE not what Jay was expecting today\! Jay could only sputter and gag aloud as Shade's flat tongue pushed and punched into the back of his throat, making the muscles squeeze and grab at that invading tongue, only spurring the puppy on as he now had resistance in the 'game' he was playing with the poor panda.

"AH\! SHADE\! DOWN BOY\!" Zaun hollered from the kitchen. The pup grumbled a bit and pulled his face from Jay's muzzle, letting the panda cough and gasp, fresh air hitting his lungs instead of puppy breath and slobber. "Sorry 'bout that hon\! Shade gets excited around new friends\! Hope he didn't hurt ya too bad\~" Jay could only cough and wheeze, the umbreon pup sitting down next to him, its tail wagging excitedly as it finished 'meeting' its new friend. Jay slowly hauled himself back up, sitting upright and wiping the puppy spittle from his mouth and face "Y-yeah\~ F-friendly\~" The panda grumbled, not TOTALLY against some good kisses, just maybe not from a feral beast. Speaking of which... the thing was gone... Jay sat up with a start and leaned over the arm of the couch, looking for the pup, determined not to get surprised by him again. Suddenly the panda felt a set of teeth GRAB at his pants, a loud growling filling the living room as the beasty RIPPED the poor panda's shorts asunder. Jay turned around and flicked his tail down, ready to get up and yell at the beast only to see those red eyes and that gold ring accented by another addition to the black hole of a pup, a set of glistening, razor sharp teeth bared at him with a glowing blue flask between them. The panda froze as he watched the umbreon tilt his head back and chug the suspicious blue vial.

Just as Jay was about to gather up enough courage to challenge the pokemon behind him again he felt the beast's weight JUMP onto his back. A set of claws dug into each one of his thighs and that glistening set of teeth was DUG into the back of his neck. Music and the sound of fans blared in the kitchen so Jay's whimpering cry for help was drowned out, unable to reach the shimmying and dancing dragon. "S-Shade\! D-OOOW\!" The panda squeaked as his head was SHOVED down into the couch, the back of his neck feeling the warm trickle and sting of the umbreon's fangs sinking into his skin. Jay froze, not knowing what to do or how to get help, only to feel something warm, wet and THROBBING poke under his tail. "W-WAI ACK\!" Jay's head was once again slammed into the couch, this time by a fore paw stepping its full weight onto his head, claws digging into his skull as a low growl rumbled in his ear, telling the panda to sit tight. Jay let out a whimpering sigh, he figured he would end the night tied between Zaun's legs but for some reason being mounted by a simple beast was so much worse.

The first THRUST made Jay grit his teeth and bite back a cry, not wanting his neck bitten any harder. Shade gave him no time to get used to the twitching length now stretching open his insides, the pup SLAMMED his hips forward and changed his grip, once again laying those clawed fore paws on the panda's thighs, digging in easily through the panda's fur, grazing his skin and getting a perfect grip to POUND himself forward. Jay clenched his fists and groaned, Shade's growling in his ear making them fall flat to his head, his body tensing up as he was drilled with what had to be a foot of rigid feral fuck meat. A deep purr started to rumble in Shade's chest, ticking the panda off and making him suck his teeth, annoyed that the beasty was having so much fun but then again, the remains of Jay's shorts were bulging with his own twitching member, fucked and pounded in the prostate hard enough that he couldn't help but getting hard himself, the feeling of another male's fat nuts slapping against his own, much smaller ones ticked a submissive nerve the panda was a bit ashamed to admit.

PLAP\! The echo of Shade's knot popping out of his sheath and slamming between Jay's clenching, sore ass made the panda whine loudly, knowing that the beast wasn't going to stop until he was a quivering mess tied to him by what felt like a fist ramming against him with each PLAP\! Shade's thrusts went from full body slams to shallower, grinding humps, bouncing and grinding that knot against Jay's tight little pucker, grinding it around and spreading the tiny bit of precum that Shade allowed the panda to have as lube. The pain of the rough slam-fucking was starting to be overshadowed by the pleasure of his prostate getting ground to a fine paste, the panda having to cover his mouth as to not moan aloud. While Jay was focusing on trying NOT to sound like the most submissive slut in the world, Shade leaned his head back down, CLAMPING his maw around the back of Jay's neck, gripping tightly and sinking his teeth not only into the nape of the panda's neck, but the sides in a tight vice-grip. Jay's whole body tensed up to no avail, Shade was determined to sink his knot in and with a final growling SLAM Jay's vision went pure white.

The snarling beast in his ear was gone to him now, only the pain of getting knotted raw and the pleasure of that thick, flaring bulb of flesh pulsing against his prostate remained for the panda. A few measly spurts of his fabric bound dick later the panda's body fell limp, his belly bulged out with twitching canine cock and his mind reeling with the embarrassment of getting mated by Zaun's pet umbreon. "GRRRRRRRR\~" POP\! Just as Jay's vision was returning that fat knot POPPED its way free, making him GASP and arc his back like the good little trained slut he was. Shade pulled back, SHLOOORPing his cock free of the panda's hole only to SLAM himself forward again, plapping his knot against the panda's twitching, spasming hole. It felt so much bigger now, the pokemon's dick bulging halfway up the panda's belly, feeling like a foot and a half of dick pummeling and pressing into new depths. The panda tried to push himself up, trying desperately to escape this nightmare only to get SLAMMED with a heavy weight pushing him halfway over the arm of the couch. Jay's upper body laid limp over the edge of the couch as his ass was held in place, slammed into by a growling, feral beast well intent on breeding him a fresh litter of Eevees.

Jay managed to turn his head around only for his eyes to go WIDE, the previously 3 foot tall umbreon now TOWERED above him, nearly doubled in weight as he felt that ramming SLAM hit his poor, failing pucker. Shade's knot felt like it was damn near the size of his head at this point, slamming and slowly stretching the stubborn hole in front of it. The couch started to creak with the weight being thrown around, Jay huffing and whining, trying to wiggle his way free of the pokemon's death grip on his thighs, only getting a searing pain and the warm trickle of blood leaking down his thighs. Jay clenched his teeth tight and SLAMMED his fist into the floor as Shade's knot found greater and greater purchase, finally PLORP\!-ing into Jay's belly, sending the twitching outline of the pup's dick deep into Jay's chest to feel the panda's racing heart. Shade let out a deep growl as he slowly stepped down from the couch, dragging Jay with him by the massive, pulsing knot lodged inside of him.

At this point Jay's feet barely even touched the ground like this. Shade stood huge above him, the fore paws next to the poor panda's head easily able to crush the little twink. As if reading his mind, Shade's fore paw STOMPED on the panda's head, eliciting a desperate cry "S-SHADE P-PLEASE\! S-St-AAAAAHHHHH\!" A dreadful POP filled the air as Shade freed himself yet again from the writhing little panda, the umbreon huffing and circling around his sniveling prey, his cock twitching, now almost three feet total with a knot the size of a damn watermelon\! Jay scrambled to shaky feet, limping and whimpering as he tried to escape the now massive pup. Shade had his head lifted high and his chest puffed out as he circled the limping panda, licking his lips as he now towered above the little thing, the pup around as tall as Zaun now\!

"Ope\! Looks like Shade got into the potions again\!" Zaun's voice rang out. Jay looked up at the dragon standing at the kitchen counter with tears streaming down his face. The panda's ass was burning and his gut felt hallow, feeling like a stiff breeze could knock him over, but maybe there was salvation in the dragon's authority over Shade\! "Be a dear and take care of him will ya Jay? He gets REAL aggressive when he gets into the growth potions and I kinda wanna walk tomorrow\!" The dragon smiled like nothing was wrong, the dumb himbo's sense of danger so skewed that Jay didn't know if he felt betrayed or expected this kind of behavior. Jay sank to his knees, his eyes still watering and his muscles twitching. Shade stood over the little panda, closing his eyes and gritting his teeth as another PUMP of growth flowed through him, the pup's head grazing the 10 foot ceiling. Jay's whimpers grew as he leveled his gaze, staring at a dick the size of him with nuts that looked like they swallowed a pair of yoga balls.

Shade took a step forward and Jay flinched, whimpering weakly as the heat of that crimson member radiated against his face. Shade's fore paw, now the size of Jay's entire torso, pushed the little slut towards that gargantuan cock, growling an unspoken command to the little panda. Jay could only obey, fearing for his life more than the capacity of his body. The panda reached forward and grabbed around the dick in front of him, not even able to fit both of his hands around that massive cock. He gave its leaking tip a soft kiss and gave a soft whine as if to ask 'Is that good enough?' But Shade wanted MORE. With a push of his paw, Shade slowly pried the panda's mouth open, that twitching, salty and slightly metallic tasting canine dick stretching his jaw slowly, slowly until CRACK\! Tears flowed freely down Jay's face as Shade gave a THRUST forward, bulging out Jay's throat more than twice its original size all the way down to the panda's collarbone. Jay's lips cracked as his jaw was already broken, hanging taunt from the sheer girth of dick pulsing in his maw.

The sweet release of unconsciousness was just about to bless poor Jay as he felt that cock PULSE, his eyes being forced open as he was 'gifted' the first shot of fire hydrant level force right into his gullet. Jay grabbed his throat and GAGGED, only sending half of the next PULSE out of his nose, the smell and taste of that salty eevee batter filling all of Jay's senses as he struggled to stay awake. The panda's belly BULGED with seed, already sloshing with what felt like at least a couple gallons, but the pulses kept coming. Shot after shot, huff after huff and gag after gag Jay was forced to the indignity of becoming nothing more than a doggy's breeding mount. The panda's body convulsed as he was then THRUST into, his collarbone cracking to allow that massive dick entry, bulging out and cracking his chest as it replaced any air left in his lungs with twitching cock meat. The blessing of unconsciousness finally hit Jay as he felt his belly sag to the floor in the kneeling position he was in, passing out from lack of air, the massive pain, and the hidden submissive pleasure of being demoted to a pet's pet.

Jay woke up to a familiar wet SLAPPING against his face. The panda groaned and opened his eyes only to see a tongue as big as his entire head SLAPPING across his face. Shade was laid on his back with the inflated panda flopped on his chest, licking at the cute little toy and slathering his face with a thick layer of puppy spit. Jay couldn't fight back, his entire body ached and somehow Shade had grown even bigger\! The pup's chest was like a warm bed of soft fur he could so easily get lost in. The furniture of the living room had been pushed aside by the growing beast that was now taking up a majority of the space. If the beast stood on all fours he would easily be taller than the room he was in but laid on his back with his paws tucked in like this, he was juuuuust able to fit. Another lick SLAPPED Jay's face and the panda groaned, trying to push away at the umbreon's muzzle only to get SLAPPED again, that tongue having a longer reach than his arms.

Now that he was awake he heard a loud THROB that made him gulp and turn around, his heart sinking in his chest at the sight. Shade's cock was as big as Zaun at this point with a knot the size of Jay himself in his inflated state but that wasn't the most concerning thing about the sight. Jay's legs had long since been numb so when he saw that his legs up to his knees had been swallowed up by the beast's dick he let out a loud "AAACK\!" A low, rumbling growl built in the massive beast's chest under him as his body was TUGGED backwards, that dick pulsing to SQUEEZE around his thighs now. The bastard waited until he was awake\! Jay's head darted around as another couple of THROBS pulled him deeper, the tip of that cock stretching around his waist to SQUEEZE his little bitch clit to his waist, putting pressure on the massive inflated belly that was next to get swallowed. "Z-ZAUN\! H-HULRK\!" Jay called out for the dragon's help, his jaw STINGING with the pain of being dislocated only for another THROB to pull him deeper, squishing that belly up and making him HURL a staining puddle of white onto the tapestry of black fur he was laying on.

"Oh\! Looks like someone's hungry\!" Zaun cooed, so nonchalant and unbothered by the now gargantuan pup helping himself to the soon to be cocksnack of a panda. The dragon walked up and started to scrich and rub against Shade's face, making the pup purr deeply and wiggle, his massive cock THROBBING to pull Jay deeper, the squeezing dick he was being pulled into squeezing another HURL of seed to spew from Jay's mouth and nose. "Z-ZAUN\! H-HELP\!" Jay pleaded to get the dragon's attention, the dick he was being pulled into was up to his chest now, squeezing the inflated belly within its wet, clenching confines. Jay's hands struggled and pushed against the tip that was eating him alive, his eyes welling with tears as his life flashed before his eyes. Another THROB squeezed his body, making him hurl up another puddle of thick, overly salty puppy batter, his breaths only coming in gasps as every pulse made him cough up seed and every breath was let out as a shaky cry.

"You're fine\~ Just drink this\!" At this point the throbs and pulls only let Jay's sniveling head feel the fresh air, the rest of his body bulging out the umbreon's shaft, making the massive pokemon writhe and hump in pleasure, shaking the whole damn house with him. Zaun pressed a vial of glowing red liquid to Jay's mouth, tilting his head up and smiling at the poor panda. "That'll let you re-form after Shade takes a nice nap with you in his nuts\~ Try to wiggle around, he likes that\~ OH\! and don't barf that up or you're kinda screwed\!" The dragon said with a chuckle before lifting up the massive dick-contained panda, making Jay slowly sliiiiide down that shaft. Every PULSE of that squeezing, wet, and overly warm sleeping bag of a cock made Jay GAG and CLENCH his broken jaw shut, praying and whimpering that he wouldn't spill the life saving potion Zaun had given him.

With a soft SPLOSH the panda landed in the cramped, cum smelling SAUNA that was Shade's nuts. The panda groaned and gagged at the staleness and humidity of what little air was inside of those nuts, his hands having to reach up and press against his sloshy, squishy prison just to be able to breathe. Jay's legs tried to squirm and kick, a tingly feeling ran through the near-dead nerves as he groaned, only to be deafened by the loud GRULGLING of the heavy orbs he was in. Jay's chest heaved as he gasped, huffing and trying to wiggle and move his head into the stale, cum smelling air only to hear the great beast he was trapped inside moan. A tinge of spite went through the panda's body as he knew the bastard Shade was enjoying this torture. The spite was quickly overruled though as a BOLT of pleasure flew through the panda, his crotch feeling like it was in a state of constant cumming, the soreness of his ass dissipating in an instant and being replaced with WAVE after WAVE of lust flowing through him. The panda's hands reached down to try and further his pleasure only to find his crotch had been turned into a gooey, barely holding together mess the same consistency as the churning cum surrounding him.

Jay was surprisingly calm about this as the waves of pleasure never stopped rolling over him and with his hands lowered, his head simply PLORPED into the pool of churning puppy batter, the tingly feeling poking at his entire body even as he tried to move it. With one last CLENCH of the warm, comforting cocoon around him, Jay lost consciousness, fading into a dreamstate of pure lust, dreaming of Shade's fat cock pressed on top of him, the gentle pulses rifling through that member making him cum time and time again. After what felt like days of the hottest wet dream he ever had Jay felt himself start to cool off, the welcoming warmth of Shade's nuts fading as consciousness slowly returned to him. He felt his own fur again, his body regaining a solid shape although he was still too relaxed and too covered in cum to move much. Another poke made him groggily open his eyes, staring out of what seemed to be a Jay sized fish bowl at a giggling dragon. Shade was passed out, still massive behind the dragon, snoring away with his endowment returned to its sheath.

"Welcome back cutie\! You sure were an impressive load\~" Zaun cooed, poking the massive condom that Jay realized he was in. The dragon was standing upright and at eye level with the floating panda, a sloshing, churning mess of warm, thick puppy batter surrounding Jay in a MASSIVE pool. "I'll give ya another hour or two in there, Shade took the liberty of making you dinner instead so you can eat all ya like but once he wakes up, you got a job ta do\!" Zaun giggled and slapped the rubber barrier between them. Jay flopped back into his warm, thick bath, groaning softly as he thought of the abuse Shade put him through, but with a lick of his lips and a tingle running through his entire body from the taste something told Jay that he wouldn't mind after a few more cycles.