Flying under the radar when you’re in a taboo relationship is an essential skill for many people in today’s day and age. Hiding a significant other from your parents, from your friends, from the outside world in general has always been a heavy strain on the hearts of those in a romantic relationship. For those in a more physical relationship, however, things were a bit harder to keep inconspicuous. For Jay, it was damn near impossible as of late. The little red panda was average height, his build was a bit on the skinnier side with slender limbs and a supple body, yet lately his belly was sagging a bit more than what seemed normal for the rest of his body. It wasn’t fat, that much was clear on the first look, his gut sloshing this way and that, the panda obviously uncomfortable by any movement and yet he kept walking down the street. Another key detail hampering his subtlety is the collar he wore around his neck, he never had a shirt on when he was out for one of these walks, yet he always wore a collar with a bright tag on it that simply read “Shade’s Bitch”. 

It also wasn’t hard to find out who Shade was. Standing over the panda, his chest puffed out and the hand-strap of a leash in his mouth, was a massive beast of an umbreon. The oversized pup was at least double Jay’s height when he was standing like this, his lips curled up into a devilish smile. Jay was always in the black-furred beast’s shadow, his head hung low as he tried to avoid the gazes of those around him. He tried to justify why he was doing this, tried to justify why he was cowering in the shadow of a beast that was holding him by a leash. ‘I’m just taking the pup out for a walk so he can burn off some energy is all\!’ Jay thought to himself, every one of his footfalls unsteady since the giant mutt’s footfalls were shaking the earth itself. Worst of all, it was a good idea to get the mutt some exercise. Jay knew all too well what would happen to him if the beast still had any energy at the end of the day; it would all be taken out on him.

Most people avoided the duo, not wanting to get involved with whatever the hell was going on with those two. Anybody who got close enough to Jay to read his name tag would be greeted with the distinct smell of bitter, stinging umbreon piss, only to look up and see the giant beast staring down at them with lust in his eyes. That usually made most people scram as fast as they could, escaping the oversized mutt before they ended up like that poor panda, chained, trained and paraded around town in a mock attempt to “walk” the beast. It was an embarrassing display, shameful, something that somebody should have called the cops about by now and yet it seemed that everyone was too busy running away from the terrifying black beast to do anything about it. And so Jay sighed and kept walking, stumbling occasionally from the heavy, concrete shaking footfalls of the pup that owned his body.

Jay’s head was forced to lift up as he heard somebody scoff. Salvation?\! The panda’s hopes were dashed just as fast as they were raised, his ears once again flattening to his head as somebody stood in the way of Shade’s path with their arms crossed. “What on God’s green Earth do you think you’re DOING?\!” The woman scolded as she turned her nose up, obviously getting a sniff of the disgusting smelling panda. “Good Lord boy, what is WRONG with you?\! Take care of your damned mutt, go inside, clean yourself up and for the love of all that is holy learn some self respect\!” Jay shook his head as the woman talked, raising his hands up to try and get her to shut it. Shade was already growling, his lips already curled into his signature devilish smile, he was going to do something, Jay just didn’t know what\! It wasn’t uncommon for Shade to grab a “snack” while out on a walk like this, the panda had seen it all before, stubborn, arrogant, nosy or just plain oblivious people scooped up into that person-sized maw, thrown back and swallowed whole. It made Jay shiver just thinking about how every time that happened he would end up curled up next to a wiggling, muffled-screaming umbreon belly that night.

“What even is this? Some kind of kink thing?\! Fucking weirdos like you shouldn’t be allowed outside with your stupid fantasies\!” The woman leaned forward and grabbed the tag on Jay’s collar, rolling her eyes and letting it go with a huff. “Shade’s Bitch? Yeah fucking right, listen weirdo, whatever you dream of behind closed doors is your business, but walking around in public, smelling like piss and pretending that monster could EVER do anything to you besides make you smell like a sewer is just asinine\!” The woman got herself worked up and angry, her foot stomping and her arms sticking straight down by her sides. She undoubtedly thought she was reprimanding Jay, but the panda, and his leash holding Master saw her words differently. A low, rumbling growl filled the air as the woman took a few steps back, Shade’s head lowering as he took the words ‘Pretending that monster could EVER do anything to you…” personally. If she didn’t believe his public display of his ownership of this panda, if she didn’t believe the stench wafting off of the panda’s body was enough of a claim over him, he would show her\!

“BRE\!” The beast barked, his voice setting off a few car alarms down the road and causing the woman to cover her ears, stunned by the sudden sound. It was as if she didn’t truly believe that Shade was a real living being until now, her face contorted in fear as she realized the very real danger of angering a beast twice her height and at least ten times her weight. Though as worried as she looked, Jay looked much worse. The panda’s hands clutched at his chest, his ears folded and his shoulders sunk down, his eyes opened wide as he stared up to see Shade dropping his leash. “H-Here? P-please… n-no…” Jay whimpered pathetically, only making the beast’s tail swish behind him as he lifted one of those chest-crushing fore paws. While Shade’s size, beautiful black fur, dazzling golden rings and glistening ivory teeth were all impressive, when the beast lifted a leg and exposed his heavy, hanging nuts and thick, twitching sheath, it was clear that this beast was not only majestic, but a certified BREEDER.

If he had apparently gotten so soft that people on the street doubted him, Shade would just have to prove it, something he was more than excited to do as his crimson tip started to push out from his jet black sheath. That massive paw pressed down on the arguing panda’s head, not enough to crush him flat like he very easily could, just enough to tell him to get into position. The panda knew he couldn’t do anything about Shade, he knew he was doomed to choke on umbreon dick or feel it rip him in half. So instead of trying in vain to take his anger out on Shade, Jay GLARED at the woman that caused his misfortune today as he was pushed down onto his hands and knees. All of the anger at his situation, all of the pain Shade had inflicted onto his body, all of the embarrassment he had felt walking around on a leash being held by a gargantuan mutt, all manifesting in his smoldering glare at that flabbergasted woman.

It was like a train wreck, once you saw it you couldn’t look away. Shade’s fore paw pressed down on Jay’s back, that mutt’s foot big enough to press down both of his shoulders to the concrete as his muzzle lifted Jay’s ass up high, digging under his tail. Jay’s glaring was cut short as he felt the all-too-familiar feeling of that warm, slick puppy tongue punching its way into his body. It was so fucking big… even when Shade tried to be delicate, which was rare, the fact remained that his tongue was wide enough to cover Jay’s entire face with a single lick. It was only his body’s natural response then to moan out and let his tail frizz up when someone stuffed the equivalent to a spittle-covered fist into his ass. “S-Shaaade\! Noooo\!” Jay whined, his hands grabbing at the hard sidewalk under him, trying to wiggle out from under that massive paw to no avail. He was grateful at least that Shade was giving him some lube with the slow, stretching licks being punched into his guts. If he was any less experienced with taking things that were far too big to belong anywhere near his ass, Shade probably wouldn’t even be able to get his tongue in at this size, but since Jay was no stranger to getting fucked, flooded, bred, bitten, stomped, Shade was clear to use his determination to prepare the panda for things to come.

Being pinned under Shade’s foot at least spared the poor panda the indignity of being looked in the eye as he uncontrollably moaned from getting his ass polished by an elephant sized pup, but he could still see the woman’s feet standing in front of him. She was frozen in place, the emanating growl rumbling the sidewalk coming from Shade told Jay that he was probably GLARING at her, daring her to move while he showed her just how wrong she was. By the time Shade’s muzzle lifted away from under Jay’s tail the panda had stopped struggling, accepting his fate to be rutted in the middle of the street. He only hoped that Shade would be kind enough to NOT knot him, knowing that at this size, Shade’s knot was thicker than the panda’s torso\! But he knew that wouldn’t stop the beast if he was really worked up. 

As he felt the pressure on his back grow stronger, crushing him to the rough ground, Jay’s arms started to flail again, his teeth gritting as Shade stood upright. His ass felt so cold without that tongue darting in and out of him, the poor panda’s hole was already gaped just from being rimmed and yet he had so much more stretching to do. That warmth was returned tenfold when Shade’s tip pressed up under Jay’s tail, his fore paws moving to step on the panda’s forearms, pinning them down but not crushing them by using the gap between toe pads and central paw pads. Shade didn’t want to BREAK his toy, he learned that lesson long ago, if he fully broke Jay he would have to wait until the red panda was fixed enough before he fucked him again. It was sickening to Jay, knowing Shade’s patterns, knowing his reasons for being gentle only came from his desire to rutt and not from genuine care about the panda’s wellbeing. Jay looked up now that he could move his head, staring up at the lady who brought this punishment down on him. There was no malice in his gaze this time, only a pleading whimper as he felt the first shot of precum gush into his gaping rear. “H-help m-me?”

“FUCK\!” Jay’s whimpers were cut off as he yelped in pain, Shade’s hips THRUSTING forward to squish his sheath against the panda’s ass. The beast wasn’t fully hard yet, only his tip poking out of his sheath, but only his tip still felt like he was getting FISTED\! Sure it was pleasurable, a massive, pulsing, growing, stretching organ punching the poor panda directly in the prostate and making him blow his load onto the sidewalk, but the embarrassment, the shame, the pain and the sinking feeling of knowing they were just getting started overshadowed anything positive\! For Shade though, it was all up sides\! The beast huffed and bucked, pressing his sheath between Jay’s cheeks as every hump shot another pulse of precum and another few inches of doggy dick into the panda’s guts. Every hump made Shade grow harder, his shaft flaring in girth with every rapid, spite-driven hump, bulging out Jay’s already sloshy belly with the shape of his OWNER’S dick.

The concrete cracked as Shade’s claws started to dig into it, the umbreon growling and thrusting in short, compact, rapid-fire slams, making sure his dick never felt the fresh air, only growing out of his natural sheath into his favorite “sheath”. As Jay’s vision started to go hazy, his belly bulging all the way up to his lower chest whenever Shade SQUISHED that juicy sheath between his cheeks, he saw the woman turn to try and run. “BRE\!” Shade shouted, his paw lifting up to STOMP onto the ground between his fucksleeve and the bitch that dared to question his ownership of said fucksleeve. The tile of concrete shattered under the force of that beast’s paw, his hips pausing for a moment to let Jay catch his breath as the woman fell flat on her ass in horror. Shade’s growl rattled the newly shattered stone in front of him as he pulled his paw back, pressing it back down over top of Jay’s arm and giving the panda a long, slow lick to the face. Almost like he was apologizing for the interruption.

Jay was more than fine taking a breather, trying to get used to the pulsing, growing length lodged in his gut. Naturally he had to sputter a bit as his gasps for breath were interrupted by Shade’s apology lick, the beast’s spittle coating Jay’s face with yet another mark of ownership, albeit one that smelled considerably less. When the thrusts started again Jay couldn’t help but cough, quite literally as the air was PUSHED from his lungs to make more room for pulsing umbreon dick. Somehow that shaft was still growing thicker by the moment, the damn mutt wasn’t even fully hard yet but somehow the months of being wrapped around that sleek, crimson, canine member had molded Jay’s insides to be able to take it with relative ease. Shade had more than proved his point, Jay was a gasping, huffing mess on the ground, his breaths being forced in and out of his lungs to the beat of those rapid humps, the woman that challenged him was sitting frozen on the ground with a hand covering her mouth. He COULD pull out then and there, maybe even show off how Jay would suck and jerk him off to completion as a reward for not trying to knot him, but the beast was past any small logic or reason he normally had, he needed to BREED.

POP\! A sickening sound made Jay struggle and squirm, his teeth grinding together as he felt his ass STRETCH open. It wasn’t as big as Shade’s knot SHOULD be at this size, but it was definitely thicker than the rest of his shaft so far. Realization dawned on Jay too late, his blood running cold as he looked up at the huffing, drooling, growling beast that was curled over him. Shade’s knot wasn’t fully inflated yet\! That meant that the beast could- POP\! “FUCK\! SHADE PLEASE NONONO\!” POP\! Shade YANKED his unswollen knot out of his panda, letting it pulse and grow a few more inches in girth before STUFFING it back inside. With his panda squirming under him, his knot FLARING inside of that whimpering, whining, flailing toy and his dominance and ownership of Jay’s body, mind and SOUL no longer in question, Shade stood up tall.

Unfortunately for Jay, standing up tall with his knot being LODGED in the panda’s ass dragged the poor bastard up by the ass. Jay’s newly freed hands covered his mouth as he tried not to moan, his prostate being crushed FLAT by that swelling knot tugging at his anal ring. Every jostle of Shade’s body as he puffed out his chest and turned to show the world his hanging panda accessory threatened to yank that monster free and send Jay falling onto his face. But every pulse of that oversized dick made that monster knot grow an extra inch or two in girth. Jay didn’t know which one he would rather take, a face plant onto shattered concrete or the next hour or two with a fully formed knot lodged into his frail body. The thought, mixed with the searing pain and overwhelming pleasure made Jay’s vision start to blur as his arms went limp, dangling down in front of him, not even reaching the ground as Shade started to walk home with his pet’s leash dragging on the floor. The last thing Jay remembered of that day was the sudden PUNCH of puppy spunk being shot into his chest cavity, the taste of that all-too familiar panda-feed filling his mouth as he dumped gallons of Shade’s seed onto the bobbing ground below him. All while having to listen to the mutt’s stupid, happy exclamations as he trotted home. “Bre\! Brrrrre\! Bre bre bre\!”