The weekend sun came peeking through the blinds, shining a bit uncomfortably onto the face of a sleeping red panda. The little ball of reddish brown fur was hugging onto his fluffy, striped tail, groaning as he rolled over in bed, wanting to sneak in a few more minutes of comfy sleep. The biting cold of the winter months was already creeping into his house, his nose getting a bit cold from the chilly air around him, but a cold bedroom and warm blankets made for the BEST sleep\! Jay’s snoozing got interrupted again by the buzzing of his phone, just a text, something he could ignore for just a little while longer. Then again. Then again. Curiosity turned to annoyance, then to anger as the panda groaned and rolled over again, picking up his phone and finally opening his eyes. He swore he was going to kill whoever was texting him, until he saw the name.

Zaun 10:25 Hey lil pan, I gotta head out of town for a bit, you mind if I drop Shade off at your place?

Zaun 10:45 Hey pan, I’m running late, any news on the dog sitting? I told Shade that I was talking to you and his tail started wagging at the mention of your name\! Cmon, you know he loves hanging out with you\!

Zaun 11:23 Hey Jay, I dropped Shade off at your house and left some groceries on the porch for him. Sorry but I gotta jet, I got a plane to catch like. NOW\! See you both in a week\!

Jay’s eyes LIT up when he saw the texts from Zaun. The big ol himbo of a dragon was always good to hear from, but the second he saw a mention of his infernal MUTT the panda’s heart SANK. Jay’s eyes scanned his phone frantically, his heart beating heavy in his chest as he sat up with a start, unable to even comprehend the fact that Zaun was dropping off the damn near horse-sized BEAST of an umbreon at his house WITHOUT HIS CONSENT\! The time on his phone was just past noon now, Jay’s heart damn near breaking his ribs as he frantically tried to text the dragon to find someone else to take the mutt for the week, only to see that that the message failed to send, Zaun’s phone was already on airplane mode. 

“FUCK\!” Jay exclaimed, throwing his phone onto his bed and holding his head. The panda had ‘dogsat’ for Zaun before, he still had nightmares of the experience. Shade was a precious umbreon, just a big bundle of love, his fluffy black fur, his big red yet soft eyes and happy demeanor, these were all fronts and it seemed like only Jay could see it\! Once Shade was out of sight of his owner, the oversized mutt turned into an unstoppable force of cruel sadism\! Granted, Zaun, being a bulky, oversized dragon himself, was the only person Jay could think of that could possibly wrangle a dog the size of a horse but STILL\! Jay didn’t have long to complain though as his shout seemed to have made something stir in his house. His heart sunk as he finally fully realized that Zaun dropped the pup off… did… did he forget to lock his door last night?\!

Jay’s question was soon answered as that giant beast of black fur, shining gold fur-rings and glowing red eyes sauntered into his room. Jay whined and pulled his covers up to hide as much of his face as he could, shivering in fear of the giant BEAST THAT ZAUN LET LOOSE IN HIS FUCKING HOUSE\! He would have to tell off the big dragon, IF he LIVED\! Shade started to saunter closer, the pup’s nose sniffing the air, smelling the fear RADIATING from Jay’s cowering body. Then those gleaming pearl teeth split into a devilish smile as Shade lifted his head, the beast smelling the air, savoring the scent of his terrified prey.

Just as the beast started to crouch, wiggling his ass in the air, ready to pounce on the poor panda, the doorbell rang. Jay dropped the covers from his face as Shade turned around, charging to the front door with his tail wagging, the pup distracted by the simplest things. Jay figured this would be the best time, grabbing his phone and calling the police. Zaun would be mad at him for calling animal control on his beloved oversized pup but he didn’t care, he had to get that THING out of his house before it did any damage\! 

“Hello?\! Animal control?\! YES THERE’S AN ANIMAL IN MY HOUSE\! N-no it’s not wild, it’s a friend’s pet but I don’t… N-no I can’t just tell him to come get it\! NO\! I’M IN DANGER\! I NEED HELP N-ACK\!” Jay’s conversation was cut short as Shade came back into the room and grabbed his ankle in his mouth, YANKING him out of bed to THUMP on the cold, hard floor. Pulled away from the warmth, the comfort and the safety of his bed by this giant mutt. Jay struggled, being dragged on his back across the floor of his room as he heard the operator on the other end of his phone trying to talk, the distant “Hello? Sir? hello? hel…” 

By the time Jay’s foot was finally free from Shade’s teeth the panda was in the middle of his living room, nowhere to scurry to, not even a wall to back up against, laid out in the middle of the floor with a looming, growling, gleaming set of teeth in front of him. At this size, Shade’s canines were as big as the panda’s entire hand, a comparison that was clear as day when Jay tried to reach out a hand to push back against the growling, drooling muzzle being held a foot above his face. “S-SHADE\! N-NO\! DOWN\!” Jay tried to cry, his lips quivering and his body shaking with a combination of fear and chill. He knew Shade could feel his fear, hell even HE could feel the pathetic fear in his voice as it left his lips. They both knew Shade wasn’t going to listen to him and by the looks of it, Shade wasn’t in any mood to play around after catching Jay calling the cops on him.

Shade’s chest-sized paws padded around as he circled the prone panda, Jay’s arms and legs tucking in a bit, terrified of the WEIGHT of those paws crushing his limbs. Curled up on the floor, his eyes starting to well with tears, looking as pathetic and terrified as he possibly could, Shade was LOVING the sight of his favorite prey. Loving it so much, in fact, that a new scent started to fill the air. Shade had a comfortable scent to his fur, the pampered brat smelling like shampoo with a hint of the earthy pup dander, but now, the masculine scent of arousal started to bite at Jay’s nose. Sure enough, glancing between the legs of that oversized mutt made Jay’s heart sink at the familiar sight of a twitching, growing, crimson canine erection. 

Following the shivering panda’s gaze, Shade lifted up his hind leg, giving the poor panda a clear look at that jet black sheath, those heavy, breeder nuts each the size of the panda’s head, and that growing erection that Jay was sadly VERY well acquainted with. Last time Jay ‘dogsat’ the giant mutt Shade had found a way to cram every inch of that two foot long, pelvis shattering, hip-popping, cum-puke-inducing dick into the panda’s body, claiming him as a breeding mount time and time again. Jay’s one and only hope shined through as a ray of sunshine cutting through the dark fate he had in store. A knock on the door.

Shade’s sadistic smile faded to a growling snarl as he STOMPED on Jay’s chest to keep the panda quiet, not wanting his prey to be able to scream for help, nor stand up on his own. Jay WHEEZED and clutched his chest, rolling on his side as he desperately tried to breathe through his newly bruised ribs, tears flowing freely down his cheeks as he reached a hand out towards the door Shade was padding to. A trail of precum marked the path Shade took, the pup’s growl only growing quiet as he set up his ambush. The glowing golden rings in his fur faded as he sulked into the dark, pressing down a paw to open the door, sulking in the shadow behind it as it opened.

“Hello? Animal control? We got a call of a pet or something that needs-” The SLAM of the door behind the younger looking lion damn near made him jump out of his skin, spinning around to see Shade looming over him, his hackles raised and teeth bared. The lion stumbled backwards, away from the giant beast, falling on his ass only for his head to whip around at the sound of Jay’s wheezing. The poor lion’s heart raced in his chest as his head flicked from Shade stalking towards him, to Jay crying, pleading from the floor. By the time the so called animal control could get a hold of himself and reach for the radio on his belt he was CRUSHED flat to the floor by one of Shade’s fore paws, his belt RIPPED away by those snarling teeth as the giant umbreon stuck his face inches away from the lion’s. 

“WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU?\!” The lion cried out, his hands reaching up to cover his face. But Shade wasn’t after his face, a fact that both the lion and Jay learned with horror as the feline’s feet were SQUEEZED together. By the time the lion dropped his hands from his defensive position, he could only look down in horror. Shade was crouched over him, his hinds squatting down so that his oversized member could lay flat on the floor. Jay wheezed a pathetic “N-no\!” As the lion sat there, his jaw on his chest, staring at the fact that his legs below his knees were fully engulfed by that throbbing, crimson DICK\! As the lion struggled to process what was happening to him, Shade leaned his head down, his nose flaring as he made the lion’s hair stand on end, DRINKING in the scent of the boy’s FEAR, the umbreon’s eyes fluttering as he got high off of it\!

Those golden rings in his fur started to glow again, brighter than ever as his arousal peaked, every throb of that massive member making it jump up and splat down on the floor, pulling in a few more inches of the lion’s body, pulling him down to his waist before he finally reacted properly. “WHAT THE FUCK?\!” He exclaimed, grabbing the twitching tip of that canine dick and trying to pry himself free, his head frantically looking around for a way out, only finding Jay laying there, sobbing pathetically. This lion was the panda’s last hope for escape from this BEAST and the panda knew better than anyone else, once Shade had you like that, unless Zaun was around, it was a one way trip.

The next pulse of that dick swallowed the lion’s hips and hands along with them, making the boy struggle and wiggle with his upper body alone, his lower half being SQUEEZED tight and pulled slowly but surely down that bulging shaft. Shade started to pant softly, his hips THRUSTING, jostling the lion around on the floor as he struggled. “YOU GOTTA HELP ME\! YOU GOTTA HRRNG\!” The lion’s pleas were interrupted by that shaft swallowing him down to his chest, crushing the air from his lungs with a mighty THROB that made him cough. The lion could only stare now, staring right into Jay’s eyes, watering, begging, pleading for the panda to help him, to save him. But Jay could do nothing, he was just as frozen in fear as the cat, debatably more since he knew Shade would have to dispose of the lion somewhere, that somewhere probably being HIM.

With a final PULSE the lion was gone, his hat falling to the floor and getting coated in a rope of precum that shot past his body as it slowly got swallowed down. Jay watched in horror as the bulge of the cat’s body slowly but surely sunk deeper into that shaft, past that fat knot. Even if he held his breath somehow, getting past that knot was always so much tighter than the rest of the pup’s shaft, it would SQUEEZE the air out of his prey, forcing them down into those churning nuts to be processed. Shade huffed and groaned, humping against the floor as rope after rope of precum splattered all over Jay’s living room. The pup’s nose flared as he drank in the remnants of fear and hopelessness in the air, drooling over the intoxicating aroma before leveling his gaze at Jay once more.

The panda was defeated, he had nothing he could do anymore, all lifelines were cut, the last of which was currently bulging out and struggling violently in the pup’s churning nuts. As Shade stood up he put on a cocky smile, walking over slowly, his legs spread a bit wider than normal as he dragged the thrashing soon-to-be-gone lion across the floor inside his sack. The beast walked straight forward, straddling Jay’s pathetic body, shooting precum over his entire coat, marking him with the scent of his soon-to-be breeder, reminding the panda that no matter how far away he went, no matter how long it had been since last they met, he was ALWAYS Shade’s BITCH. As the still-gaping tip of that canine member grew closer to his face, 

Jay gulped, watching it flare out to splatter precum over him, damn near glueing him to the floor. What if Shade wasn’t satisfied yet? What if he was going to be a second meal for those hungry nuts? N-no\! Shade needed someone to cook for him all week, right?\! Jay’s mind raced as Shade continued walking, letting Jay look up at every inch of that throbbing member, seeing it pulse, seeing each shot of precum bulge out his knot, the underside of his cock, his tip, only to be shot into the panda’s living room to mark it with that vile scent. Shade didn’t stop until his dragging, bulging and struggling nuts were on top of the panda’s chest. They were HEAVY, every thrash that the lion could muster was stretching out the skin of those orbs, the thick fur lined with the scent of Shade’s true essence, his disgustingly pungent scent, the scent that Jay was all too familiar with. From inside that sack Jay could hear him, struggling, crying for help that would never come, praying, begging and slowly, melting.

Jay whimpered as Shade gave a sharp THRUST, slapping the bulging, kicking sack of umbreon spunk against his face. Jay sobbed as he wrapped his arms around that massive set of nuts, not even able to get his arms fully around them. He could feel the lion’s struggles slowly dying down, he could hear the whimpers and cries from inside fade, the audible sound of those breeder nuts churning and clenching replacing the pathetic pleas of their prey. Jay massaged those heavy nuts, the smell of his Master filling his nose, he hated it, he knew what it meant, he knew he wouldn’t be able to wash it out of his fur as long as Shade lived. They both knew that.

Soon all signs of struggling inside that oversized, fuzzy beanbag of a sack stopped, Jay whimpering as he felt the final CLENCH of Shade’s nuts complete the lion’s transition from living, breathing person into puppy batter. With the struggling gone, Jay was left with all that weight pressing down on him, squishing him to the floor as the beast’s oversized dick audibly THROBBED overhead. Shade started to walk forwards again, dragging that hefty sack over Jay’s face, leaving it there to smother the panda in the weight and scent. The panda could only whimper and try to push that HEFT off of his face, his breath cut off unless he could benchpress the hundred or so pounds of puppy nuts laying on his face. Then Shade started to CLENCH, lifting his nuts up and splattering precum over Jay’s living room, allowing the panda to breathe only for those nuts to FALL back down, crushing Jay’s arms down and smothering his face with those heavy nuts again, teabagging him without even moving his hips.

Shade knew Jay’s will was broken, he knew he could do whatever he wanted to with the panda, but he wanted Jay to KNOW where he stood. After dragging his nuts fully off of the panda’s face, soaking his fur with the precum that dribbled down his shaft and through the fur of his balls, Shade flopped down on his side with a heavy THUMP. Jay gasped in his breath, coughing and sitting up, wiping the cockslime from his face in disgust, he knew Shade’s torture wasn’t over. As the panda opened his eyes, he was met with a familiar sight, a test, Shade was laying on his side, those red eyes glaring at him, that crimson shaft pulsing and blasting precum over the floor, his hind leg raised, presenting himself to the panda. This is what Shade did, he pretended to give Jay a choice, letting the panda decide if he wanted to get mounted and crushed to the floor, have his pelvis shattered and taste the beast’s spunk as it shot out of his mouth, or if he wanted his jaw popped out of socket and his throat stuffed with that dick until he passed out.

Jay’s ears flattened to his head as he watched Shade lick his lips, his glowing glare watching the panda’s every move. There was technically a third choice, Jay could try and run, but he knew from experience that Shade was faster and the punishment he would get from making the pup run with that oversized erection swinging around would be worse than either of the two choices he had in front of him. Shade let a low growl fill the air as he leaned his head down, giving a slow lick to his own twitching tip, letting Jay know that his time to decide was being cut short. The panda groaned as he felt his stomach growl, he hadn’t eaten breakfast yet, seeing as his wake-up was so chaotic. Since he was probably going to end up hanging off of that knot for most of the week anyway he didn’t see a point in letting the free gut full of sloshing used-to-be-lion go to waste.

“F-fuckin hell Shade… You broke me…” Jay admitted, his head hanging in shame as he crawled over, his gut turning and growling, sick to his stomach and hungry, his body remembering the dozens of ‘meals’ Shade had pumped into him. Once again Jay was reminded that no matter how long they were apart, Shade OWNED him, there was nothing he could do, nobody he could call, it would always end up the same, with him on his hands and knees, sealing his lips around the pup’s oversized dog dick. The salty taste of precum was nothing new, the oily feeling of his mouth getting lubed up by that slick liquid made the panda sick, but he knew he had to swallow it, he knew he had to gulp down every shot he was given before Shade got excited and started thrusting away. It was the only lubricant the pup was going to give him and so he held his hands around the pup’s shaft, holding it still to fill his mouth and feed his gulps, the panda’s eyes closed in disgust and defeat as he did what he thought he had to do to survive.

As Jay nursed on that dick, Shade nosed and nuzzled on the panda’s back, licking and ‘grooming’ his fur with a mix of murrs and growls, every now and then nipping at the panda with those knife-like teeth. Seeing Jay in such a pathetic position made the beast’s precum flow like a faucet, pumping mouthful after mouthful into the panda for him to swallow down, only getting more riled up by the second until he couldn’t take it anymore. As Shade stood up he wobbled a bit, not used to the weight of those churning, freshly fed nuts between his legs, but his contact with Jay’s lips never broke. The panda was a professional at sucking giant dog dick at this point, praying that this time the pup would be too excited and blow his load without raping his throat. But he had never been that lucky before, and it sure as hell wasn’t going to start today.

The first buck of the beast’s hips made Jay stumble backwards, his hands reaching behind him to try and brace himself on the precum-slathered floor, ending up leaned back on his knees with his hands planted firmly, a position he found himself in a lot when dealing with Shade. The panda groaned as his jaw was STRETCHED by that dick, the sheer GIRTH of his shaft alone was always hard to get used to when his ‘dogsitting’ duties started anew, he doubted he would be able to take that knot without passing out. And yet, through that doubt, through that disgust, through that eviscerated pride, Jay’s stomach growled and his underwear grew tight. He knew this is where he belonged, under his Master’s sheath, suckling and feeding on that dick, feeling it get THRUST into his throat, bulging out his neck visibly with pulsing doggy dick.

It wasn’t in his hands anyway, Shade was fully in control now. The pup was such a polite Owner, letting his little cock slave chose which of his holes needed resizing first, but even the benevolent umbreon had his limits on his mercy. With some adjustment and a few steps forward, Shade FORCED inch after inch of that dick down Jay’s throat, audibly POPPING his jaw out of socket as he bulged the panda’s neck down to his collarbone. The panda sniffled and sobbed from the pain, his hands clenching into fists as his neck was stressed and tilted back, giving Shade a straight shot downwards into his body, giving his master the optimal angle to thrust into his favorite, whimpering fleshlight. Those sobs and whimpers were music to Shade’s ears, his eyes fluttering shut as he let out a long coo, his hips THRUSTING down to pump all two feet of his dick down into Jay’s throat, bumping that oversized knot against the panda’s muzzle.

At this point, it didn’t matter if the panda was conscious or not, hell, it barely mattered if he was ALIVE to the giant pup, Shade’s dick was acting as a structural support for the panda’s body, keeping him upright and in the perfect angle to SLAM his hips down into. The pup’s massive nuts pressed against the panda’s entire front side, clenching and bouncing against the panda’s bulging chest, slowly rounding belly and pathetically hard prick. An errant choking sound let Shade know his fleshlight was still clinging to life, which only meant that sinking his knot into the panda’s head was going to be harder, all those pesky tendons in the way of him popping that beast into a head the same size as his knot. But that didn’t stop Shade from trying, his feet planting firmly on either side of the choking panda, his stance lowering so that even when he pulled fully out there was only an inch or two of space between his knot and the panda’s nose. Then he started to REALLY buckle down.

Thrust after thrust, wet SLAP after wet slap, Shade pounded away, his tongue lulling out of his mouth as he threw his head back in pleasure. If it weren’t for the terrifying, choking, near-dead panda wrapped around his dick and damn near person-sized pair of nuts swinging and bruising the panda’s entire front side, the pup would look adorable cute, if a bit too big. But the pleasured look didn’t last too long. Impatience soon set in, the giant, spoiled pup growling as he THRUST and ground his knot against Jay’s face, crushing his muzzle with the sheer force of his hips as he desperately tried to fit a baseball through a wine bottle.

Unconsciousness didn’t save Jay any discomfort. He had experienced Shade’s rutting so many times at this point that his body knew what images to conjure up in his forced sleep. The panda faded in and out of consciousness, his mind unable to tell the difference, when he woke up he could see a spit covered knot slamming into his nose, he could feel the pressure on his popped jaw as his muscles STRAINED and STRETCHED against their will. And in his sleep he could only feel and see the same. The only difference between the two was Shade’s enjoyment, when the panda was awake he choked and squeezed on his shaft, letting the umbreon feel his pathetic struggles, but when he passed out his body relaxed, letting the pup stretch and force his jaws apart slowly wider and wider.

Jay only realized the difference when he was suddenly woken out of a sleep he didn’t know he was in. A sickening, terribly painful, disgusting POP made the panda squeak, his body broken around that oversized dick, his last bit of adrenaline letting his hands reach up and struggle, pressing against the body-sized sack clenching against his chest. But it was far too late. Shade let out a house-rumbling HOWL as he threw his head back, deafening the panda and giving him the final warning before the literal floodgates opened. Even with his knot holding Jay’s body in place, the first shot of spunk threatened to blast the panda across the room. It felt like a punch to his gut as those overfull nuts CLENCHED and poured converted lion down into the panda’s gut. Jay could feel every inch of that dick BULGE as those high-pressure spunk shots pumped into him, he could feel the thick, sloshing, churning spunk transfer straight from the balls resting against him into his gut, the pokemon’s nuts shrinking overmatched by his own belly FLOODING.

He felt sick, he wanted to throw up, the pressure building inside his body was FAR too much for anyone to handle, but that oversized knot kept him from spilling a drop out of his mouth. Eventually, two JETS of spunk shot from Jay’s nose, the panda’s eyes rolling in his head as the only source of air he could POSSIBLY get was cut off by the beast’s load, showing no sign of stopping any time soon. The panda passed out again, this time for a good long while, feeling his body strain and grow sickeningly wet from the overpour of spunk. He was being used as a condom, as a cumrag, as a fleshlight, and yet, he could feel himself emptying his own balls. He felt his body betray him, succumbing to the pleasure of serving his master, succumbing to sucking off this giant mutt, being nothing more than a toy.

Jay woke up with a groan, his belly was so full he felt like he could pop. None of his limbs were responding properly, his arms and legs both numb. He was warm though, surrounded in pitch black fur, his nose pressed under the beast’s massive sheath, right up against the fragrant center of Shade’s nuts. He could feel his fur sticking to his skin, the spunk coating his body matting down and ruining his coat. All he could do was groan and rest his head back down between Shade’s legs. He was trapped, he was stuck, he had no choice, but at least he was warm and protected from anything that wasn’t the massive beast vibrating his entire body with a deep purr. Jay cursed under his breath that Shade got to sleep so soundly while he was tormented by the beast’s earthy musk, the salty taste of thick puppy spunk in his mouth, the fear of not knowing when the beast would wake up again and use him like a fleshlight. The panda’s hand eventually reached his jaw, his eyes tearing up as he POPPED his jaw back into socket, a trick he had to learn himself after the first few times Shade used him. 

As much as he hated to admit it, it was comfy being curled up under Shade’s limbs, the pup’s fur was well taken care of thanks to that bastard Zaun. But Jay knew he had to get up. He could hear the crickets chirping outside, it was the middle of the night, meaning the nocturnal umbreon would be up soon. Jay struggled and wiggled his way out of the beast’s grasp, having to lift the pup’s hind leg to get his head free, getting a stinging face full of cold air as a reward. He wanted to cuddle back in, stuff his face into the pup’s warmth again, maybe this time into his chest instead of his nuts, but as the chill got to him he started to be less picky.

Shade curled back up once Jay crawled out from under him, the lack of weight, the chill of the air, all made being the pup’s cuddle buddy more appealing, but he would probably get his morning wood soon and Jay planned on letting him outside to find some poor night jogger or early morning postman to deal with that. All the panda had to do was make the pup breakfast and open the door, then maybe he could take a shower or deflate his gut somehow. Jay’s plan for the day was thrown out the window as he heard a loud yawn behind him, turning to see Shade’s massive maw stretch wide, his dagger-like teeth shining in the darkness before he shook his head. Those red eyes leveled themselves at Jay as the pup’s rings started to glow again, his head tilting sideways as he posed a simple question to the panda. “Bre?”