It was dark when Jay woke up, the panda shook his head and made his way to his feet. The ground was hard, solid and smooth, looking around didn’t really get him much since it was so dark but his searching hands could only find the cold hard floor and piles of soft fur. The panda started to pant, his head starting to spin as his heart started racing, he was terrified, nothing short of it, the quietness suddenly broken by an echo of his huffing breath. Jay’s heart SANK as he shut his mouth, listening to someone else’s panicked panting, suddenly wishing that the silence returned. Every panicking voice, every whine, every whimper, was his own, echoing in the enclosed space, truly a hell if there ever was one. And yet, it only got worse. Light started to filter into the room, revealing the dozens, no, hundreds of Jays all standing, sitting, cowering, rocking in the bottom of a giant blue bowl. Jay felt sick at this realization, hundreds of copies of himself all standing around, stark naked as the top of the room slowly slid off, letting the sunshine in directly. Jay looked around as the silence returned, most of the other Jays looking up as the roof seemed to peel away from the high-walled room they were all stuck in, but this Jay was too distracted by something that shook him to the core. Sitting against the wall of this smooth, round room was another Jay, this one had matted fur, an exhausted look in his eyes, and a mile-long stare. This older Jay simply pointed up, his arm shaking a bit, his mouth closed shut tight as his eyes widened. 

Peering over the far wall of the room was a familiar face, one that every Jay recognized and immediately started panicking because of. If it were a normal circumstance, that face would be cute, the sleek black fur and little whiskers of an umbreon, those long, gold-ringed ears, that happy smile, the cute little lick of his lips, all these things would be adorable, if the beast’s face wasn’t bigger than any Jay present. Horrible realization struck as things came together, the rounded, bowl-like floor, the round outer walls, the hundreds of Jays all stuffed in like a can of sardines, this wasn’t a room, this wasn’t Hell, this was a doggy bowl, and it was dinner time\! The Jays started to scramble and scamper, clawing at the smooth plastic walls of the bowl as they tried to escape, only to get Shade to lower his head and wrap his giant tongue around three or four of them at a time, pulling them up to gobble down the Jays in the blink of an eye, only leaving a streak of slick saliva on the floor of the bowl. Shade’s happy huffs and gulps as he swallowed his ‘kibble’ whole sent a wave of terror and hopelessness through the Jays, some simply collapsing and falling to the ground while others were scared enough to try one last escape. 

While Shade enjoyed his meal one of the Jays managed to grab onto the lip of the doggy bowl, clambering up enough to sit on the lip. As others saw the ability to escape with this single breakthrough, the Jay sitting on the edge of the bowl didn’t seem to get any faith from his new vantage point. From his perch this Jay could see around him, houses in the distance and a massive expanse of land between here and there. At this point Jay was expecting to see blades of grass as tall as him, expecting to have been shrunk down to fit into the beast’s bowl as his kibble and yet somehow what he saw was even worse. Jay hadn't shrunk, the world was still the same size, the bowl he had escaped from and beast happily scooping up tongue fulls of pandas was just GIANT. Shade had to be the size of a parking garage\! Jay had seen him change his size from his normal 3 foot tall puppy size to around the height of a house, but this, this was something else entirely\! The damn beast was a fucking KAIJU\! As Jays were gobbled down by the mouthful, their screams and cries for help muffled from the vertigo of the situation, the high perched Jay heard something else that caught his attention. 

Across a football field of grass there was another massive bowl with another oversized beast slobbering and slurping down wiggling mouthfuls of squirming pandas. The giant, blue-green colored beast could be seen biting down on his wiggling victims before swallowing them down with loud, wet gulps, a debatably crueler fate that Shade’s full-body swallows. Vappy, Shade’s mate, even bigger than the fluffy umbreon, his maw dripping red-stained drool into his bowl, undoubtedly terrorizing another mass of terrorized Jays. The giant vaporeon was too focused on eating his squirming, struggling meal to pay attention to what his mate was doing. The high-perched Jay looked back down into the bowl he came from, seeing the streaks of puppy spittle, the cleared out areas of Jays, watching Shade tilt his head to scoop his tongue into the rounded corners of the bowl to grab up and slurp up the straggling, cowering kibble left in his bowl.

There were barely a dozen of them left now, including the perched up Jay as Shade picked his head up and licked his lips, the massive pup letting out a BELCH that shook the very earth. That was nothing though as the ground trembled and shook in a few heavy thumps. Jay looked over to see Vappy approaching, his chest puffed up as he cleaned off his face with his thick-spittle dripping tongue, walking over to inspect his mate’s bowl for any hiding goodies. The massive fish’s eyes narrowed at the perched Jay, glaring at him as an insect, something simply too disgusting to be worth his time but as Vappy’s lips curled into a smile, Jay realized the fish had a plan for what to do with him, and that was somehow more terrifying than the premise of being eaten alive. Shade let out a whine, the premise of a beast that massive being afraid of something was its own horror, but with Jay’s limited knowledge of Vappy only knowing the fish’s cruelty, it wasn’t out of place. A waft of thick, fishy, sweaty smelling air blasted over the perched panda, smelling like a locker room at low tide, the mix of smells was nose-burning, forcing the panda to cover his mouth and nose as he looked over to see the source.

Vappy’s fore paws were planted at the edge of Shade’s bowl, the beast’s feet easily as tall as Jay would be standing next to them while the fish’s growing members were easily fifty feet away. The vertigo of the size difference coupled with the wafting smell of Vappy’s dicks filling the air, causing Jay to wobble on his perch and fall back down into the bowl with a SPLAT into a thick coating of doggy spit. Jay groaned as he tried to sit up, looking around to see only a few others still alive in the bowl, his fur slicked down with spittle that was sadly VERY familiar to him. Shade’s face was still looming over the edge of the bowl, but the real terror was when Vappy’s forepaw loomed and crossed over top, followed by the fish’s sagging, squirming, struggling gut. Jay swore he could hear a mix of gurgles and pleas for help coming from the fish’s gut, but what came next made him wish he was with them in there. Vappy’s meaty double dicks FLOPPED into Shade’s bowl, their thick stench filling every inch of air as they throbbed and grew, filling more of the limited space as each pulse sent a wave of sound through Jay’s very bones. The light coming from above was almost fully snuffed out by the fish’s gut, the beast tall enough to leave enough room between the 12 foot lip of the bowl and his underbelly so that Jay could still see the newest horrors of the day.

Pulse after pulse those meaty, fishy dicks grew, drooling a coating of precum to fill the bottom of the bowl up to Jay’s ankles almost instantly. Wet splashes alerted the panda’s attention to see something that made him sick to his stomach, things were falling out of Vappy’s sheath, wet, soaked, disgusting things. Upon closer inspection though, Jay could see one of them raise a hand up out of the slowly growing pool of precum, a hand that looked just like his. Jays were the food, Jays were the toys, Jays were the little struggling vibrators stuffed into the fish’s sheath for idle enjoyment. Some Jays sat down in the puddle of growing precum, accepting their fate to be Shade’s saturated snack while others struggled and scrambled, trying to climb atop of the twin dicks that were the size of damned train cars. Those sitting down got to watch as the throbs and twitches of those dicks either aided the climbing Jays to boost them up, letting them survive a bit longer in Vappy’s sheath when the fish walked away, or CRUSHED them between those two throbbing shafts, crushing their bones with the sheer size and GRITH of the beast’s member, no doubt feeding his sadistic pleasure. Just as Jay thought the horrors couldn’t possibly get worse, the sound of rushing water made his ears perk up. He barely got time to stand up as twin BLASTS of yellow, acrid, bitter, slightly BURNING piss shot out of those twin dicks, creating a whirlpool on either side of the bowl-dividing meatwall.

The remaining Jays were swept under by the sheer pressure of the bowl-filling piss torrents, Vappy letting out a satisfied groan as he easily flooded the bowl to the rim, sweeping up any resisting Jays and battering them in a lung-filling flood of piss. One of the escaping Jays got to watch from atop those pulsing, wiggling dicks as Vappy stood up fully, seeing that massive bowl filled with 10 feet of piss in almost an instant. The hiding Jay tried his best to hold onto the throbbing dick of his tormentor and savior, owing Vappy’s dicks his life for giving him a chance to escape the fate of the slowly drifting and floating bodies of other Jays in Shade’s bowl. Over the body-shaking throbs of Vappy’s member, Jay could hear Shade whining again before the fish LUNGED up, grabbing Shade’s head with his claws and SPLASHING the kaiju mutt into the freshly filled bowl. As one of the other escaped Jays tried to wiggle his way further in towards Vappy’s fishy smelling slit, able to easily stand up and walk on the slick, throbbing meat if it weren’t for the constant pulses and thick layer of cockslime, one Jay was too transfixed on Vappy’s cruelty to his own mate. Shade was easily big enough to take up an entire city block as a bed, the massive pup big enough that if Jay were to dive into his fur, he would look like little more than an engorged tick and yet, here the pup was, his breath bubbling out as he struggled, forced to drink or drown in his mate’s piss\!

With the ground below him easily 20 feet away and his options limited to hugging around Vappy’s dick and praying the beast went to lay down or struggle to crawl into the beast’s sheath for the minimal protection that provided, the dick-wrangling Jay let out a weak whine. A jumping PULSE shot through Vappy’s member as Jay watched a rope of precum shoot over Shade’s struggling, wiggling face, the pup’s bowl full of piss slowly draining as gulps echoed in the air. A deep, rumbling growl started to roll through Vappy’s chest as he felt his sheath stuff with wiggling, panicked Jays, as he watched his mate choke, drown and gulp down his ‘gift’ of piss, the sheer dominance of the situation riling the fish up to grow fully hard, his members drooping down to drag on the ground. Finally, a chance to escape\! Jay wasted no time, not even bothering to alert the sheath-stuffing Jays of their optional freedom. With a grunt he was able to fall down from that massive member, narrowly avoiding the two tapered dicks rubbing against each other as the vaporeon stimulated and kept himself hard. Jay started running, his breath already short from the lung fulls of Vappy’s musk but he HAD to get away. Shade let out a loud GASP as he finally chugged enough of his mate’s marking piss to survive, Vappy’s growl growing deep enough to shake the ground under the single escaping Jay’s feet. 

The panda tripped and fell, he was out of breath, his lungs burned, his vision was dizzy but as he turned to look at how far he made it, he could see Vappy lift his paw from the back of his mate’s head, taking two measly steps to cover the ground between them. Jay could only huff and heave as Vappy laid his chin down on the ground, his muzzle a few feet away from the tiny Jay as he opened his maw wide, letting his tongue drool out to lay right before Jay’s feet. That slime-covered tongue was as thick as Jay was tall, Vappy’s fishy breath blowing over the poor panda as he realized what the giant fish wanted. Vappy was ‘comending’ this Jay’s escape, giving him the option for a quick death by those teeth the size of his entire body and the gaping void of a gullet behind them. The last thing this Jay felt before his consciousness left him for the last time was a heavy pain in his chest and a heavy wind pushing him onto his back coming from Vappy’s maw. Hundreds of him had already succumbed to this beast’s lust and hunger, what was one more?

At night things tended to calm down, Shade would get pushed and prodded by his mate to go lay down so the big fish could lay on top of him, smothering the fluffy, smaller giant under all that chunky fish belly. Shade didn’t mind though, the pup was used to having that weight pressing down on him and even when they were both the size of parking garages, the feeling of being crushed by that heavy, sweaty, fishy smelling Vaporeon made the umbreon feel safe for some reason. Even though he was in the ‘loving’ embrace of his mate, safe and secure under that fishy smelling hide, Shade did have some needs that Vappy never quite helped him with. While Vappy was almost purely a top, Shade was a switch at heart and he had been getting pushed around by the giant fish without getting to express his dominant urges ever since he outgrew the ability to actually FUCK Jay. The pup sighed and let his head flop down as Vappy started to snore, that giant fish was a brute as always but Shade had his ways around it. He knew that once Vappy was snoring it would take nothing short of a hurricane would wake him up. The umbreon wiggled and struggled slowly, turning his head this way and that to gain inches at a time for his 40 foot long body to wiggle free of that crushing embrace. Eventually Shade’s tail slowly slid out from under Vappy’s chin, the pup making sure to let his mate down easy as he escaped for the night.

Shade had to shake his fur dry, spraying the smell of the fish’s sweat everywhere as if every inch of their massive enclosure wasn’t already tainted with the smell of Vappy’s musk. It felt good to stretch and move freely for once, not worrying about getting bitten, pinned down, growled at or whatever else Vappy deemed necessary to calm down the giant pup he was, afterall, just a giant pup at heart. After getting a few good warmup laps around their enclosure, Shade felt like he was warmed up enough to get down to what he really wanted, the pup lifted his forepaw and nosed under himself, seeing his own needy tip peaking out of his sheath. A smile grew on his face as he started to pad over to the little secret he kept from his mate. Jay was sheltered in the darkness, a large hunk of cement placed there by Shade kept him covered, even let him set up his own little home here, able to stay hidden from the two kaiju pups for days at a time. Unfortunately, the only thing that the little redpanda was able to sustain himself off of was the “gifts'' that Shade would give him every now and then. The panda gulped as he started to hear the telltale sounds that he was going to get another visit from the giant mutt, he was running his night time laps now and soon that single chunk of concrete that separated him from the giant mutts would be moved aside, the gargantuan rock that had to weigh several tons, pushed aside as if it were crumpled paper by an excited beast.

Jay didn’t know why he was chosen as Shade’s favorite, he didn’t know why the pup decided to steal him away and hide him from the more aggressive Vappy. As far as he could tell he wasn’t even the original Jay, he was just another clone taken from the feeding bowl and given another purpose in life. The panda looked around his ‘home’ at the remnants of the past, proof of Shade’s growth through the months that he had been imprisoned here. When Shade got too big to use any of the Jay clones as a true fleshlight there was a breeding mount brought in to satisfy the big pup, the damned thing was big enough to fit Jay inside of it and yet here it was, sitting alone in a corner, helping to hold up this special Jay’s enclosure, the silicone ripped asunder from the giant pup’s needy thrusting. Next to that was a variety of condoms, varying in size from being around 3 feet in diameter to being well over the size of Jay while standing. Jay didn’t know where these supplies came from but it was a special type of torment to know that while Shade got supplies to help him get off, Jay was left alone to struggle, subsisting purely off of the churning, sloshing condoms full of spunk that Shade oh so graciously “gifted” to him. As those earth-shaking footsteps grew closer Jay shivered and whimpered, knowing at best he would get molested by the giant pup, forced to slide a condom over that dick that was thicker than Jay was tall, and at worst, today would be the day Shade finally grew tired of him. He shuddered at the thought of either, but he still had his hope, survival was better than the alternative afterall…

Shade grunted as that giant slab of concrete dragged on the ground, digging the ditch it was sitting in deeper before the moonlight beamed down upon Jay. His fur was decently well taken care of, he had a brush to help keep his fur from matting up too bad but the only thing he ever got to shower in was puppy spittle. Shade smiled down at his little captive, his tongue lulling out of his mouth as his tail swished in the air. It would be an adorable sight if the damned mutt wasn’t the size of a fucking building. Jay looked over to the corner of his little room, seeing the condom he had been drinking out of for the past week or so in order to survive, seeing it had gotten a bit too low for him to survive more than a few more days off of the thick, cold, congealing spunk. The panda gulped and sighed as Shade lowered his head to the ground, that giant face huffing through his nose, threatening to push Jay down with just the wind pressure. Even if it was an embarrassing existence, it was definitely better to drink fresh puppy batter than the gross, cold version. Jay sighed as he looked at that giant, bus sized head, he watched as the pup’s nose flared with every breath, a blep with a tongue wider than he was tall, he was still cute, if you could ignore the terrifying parts.

Jay walked closer, leaning forward hard in order to not get toppled over by those huffing breaths, the panda opening his arms wide as he hugged that giant muzzle, unable to even get higher than the pup’s lips, the panda’s torso pressed against that warm, wet, soft tongue as his face squished against the pup’s upper lip, that nose huffing hot breaths over his head. “Heya big guy\~” He mumbled reluctantly. He wasn’t sure if Shade could hear him, afterall the beast’s ears were at least a dozen feet away, but he still heard that tail swishing loudly through the air, damn close to creating a tornado with how much air he was moving just because he was happy. The hug against Shade’s muzzle didn’t last long before he was pushed back, knocked on his ass by a “gentle” lick that slathered puppy spit all over the poor panda’s entire body. Jay knew better than to argue at this point, if he bothered to open his mouth even to breathe he would only get a mouthful of spit and a choking layer of that thick saliva preventing any further breaths. The pressure pressing down from that giant, powerful tongue wasn’t the most comfortable thing, getting pressed down to the dirt by that “loving” tongue as it dragged over his whole body wasn’t how Jay would like to be spending his night, but at least it wasn’t drawing him into that giant maw to be eaten as a midnight snack. 

Shade’s breath was THICK and heavy, smelling mostly like Vappy, more specifically the giant fish’s piss more than anything else. The stinging bitterness of that smell made Jay wince, his eyes burning even if they were shut, the rancid smell of that damned sweaty fish, the brutal beast a curse on the poor panda even when he was hidden from the brute. Lick after lick Jay would GASP in a breath, his arms and legs pinned down tight to the ground as his body was slathered in layer after layer of warm, slightly sticky puppy spit. Being assaulted like this made Jay miss the days when Shade was small enough to just shove that tongue into his mouth, kiss him sloppily and then pull away, anything was better than getting crushed under the squishy, warm, slime covered puppy tongue that was tormenting him now.

Eventually Shade figured he had shown his affection enough, the kaiju pup standing upright and smiling down to his little captive, that tiny speck barely as tall as his paw, watching the little panda slowly peel himself from the spit-cocoon he was encased in. Shade let out a thundering “BRE\!” to show his excitement, making Jay recoil from the sheer boom of the sound, making his ears ring as he winced and trembled. Jay swore he could hear his own heartbeat as he tried to stretch his jaw and get his hearing back, tapping his palm to the sides of his head to try and clear the puppy spittle from them as well. THUMP THUMP THUMP that heavy rhythm was so loud and constant, yet slow, far too slow to be Jay’s. The panda gulped as he realized what he was hearing, he looked past Shade’s big dopey smile, past that hanging, dripping tongue, up past those redwoods that Shade called forelimbs and up to that oversized, tractor trailer that he called a dick. Even with just the light of moonlight and the added glow of Shade’s rings, Jay could see the deep crimson and reflective sheen of that absolutely massive canine cock. It throbbed in the air, even with its insane size, Shade was simply just bigger, that drooling cocktip still a dozen or so feet off the ground, dripping like a leaky faucet, splashing down what had to be a liter or so of precum at a time. Jay looked up to see Shade’s face had changed from that happy, puppy-like smile to a sinister, sneering smirk. 

Jay gulped as he watched Shade walk forward, those giant paws stepping over his head, raining specks of dirt over him as the paws that could instantly and easily end his life without a thought passed over, foot after foot of that fluffy chest, then belly passed over his head until those giant raindrops of precum were falling right in front of the panda. The salty, musky smell of sex filled Jay’s nose, the panda groaning a bit as he knew what was about to come next, and yet, his body went a different direction. Jay felt his stomach growl, embarrassment flushing to his face as his body only did what was natural to it, he smelled the very thing he had been feeding off of for the past month or so and he realized just how hungry he was. The panda had been waiting to eat until he was on the point of near starvation since he had to subsist off of condoms full of puppy batter, but doing so had conditioned him to grow hungry just from the smell of it. The panda groaned as he looked up, seeing that dangling cock raised high above him, behind him he could swear he could hear Shade snickering, the pup could hear Jay’s stomach growling, he could hear the panda’s body yearning for another meal. And worst of all, Shade wasn’t going to feed him… not without a proper show of dedication. 

First thing was first though, Jay had to make sure he would have enough “food” until next time Shade was able to get away his oppressive mate. Jay grumbled as the ground shook around him while he tried to walk to grab one of those oversized condoms, standing under Shade like this Jay could smell that damned fish’s sweat on his fur. The panda groaned and gagged, the thick fishy smell clinging to Shade’s fur, choking the air around the kaiju pup with the smell of low tide. Even as Jay had to HEAVE that giant condom, swinging his entire body weight just to get a thin layer of plastic to wrap Shade’s bus sized dick with, he was thankful for one thing at least. At least it wasn’t Vappy that he had to live off of. Jay had terrible memories of that time he met Vappy, the fish was small enough to fuck him at that time, well, small was never really a thing when it came to Vappy, that fish’s twin dicks damn near broke the panda in two when he was “normal sized”\! He remembered the day after, waking up to the fish towering over him, nowhere near as big as he was now but still big enough to be considered a giant, he remembered choking and coughing, puking up long, slimy slugs as Shade and Vappy watched on. Jay shuttered at the thought of being forced to live off of that putrid, infected seed. It made the panda thankful enough to have Shade that he could begrudgingly sigh and look up at the beast that was still stalking and staring down at him, waiting on him to say “Please Shade… I’m \-sigh- I’m so hungry…”

Another deafening “BRE\!” rattled Jay’s body as he doubled over yet again, that oversized condom he was dragging halfway falling on top of him, threatening to trap him within the rubber if he didn’t straighten himself out quickly. The ground SHOOK as Shade sat down, plopping himself down to let his oversized dick THROB and slap the ground, indenting the dirt with the sheer size and heft of that monster. Shade kept his head between his fore limbs as he watched with a sadistic grin as Jay started to try and wrangle that cock tip. The panda was careful not to get too close to that drooling tip, he remembered the times that Shade had shoved him down that tight, squeezing, wet cock only to be churned into puppy batter, blown into a condom and reformed. Hell, he wasn’t even sure if it was HIS memories he was remembering, he was probably just an unfortunate clone after all. That beast’s nuts WERE big enough for Jay to fit inside of while fully standing up at this point, those massive orbs of fluff holding the only real remnant of Shade’s specific musk. As embarrassing as it was to be covering and sloppily unraveling a condom over this oversized mutt’s dick, the smell brought him back to the days where Shade was the only mutt he had to deal with. As Jay walked that rolling layer of rubber that was soon to hold his food for the next few weeks, similar to how one would roll up a pool’s covering, Jay felt almost relaxed for the first time in a long while. 

Even if he was about to have to worship the mutt’s dick to get him to cum, even if he would have to squeeze the condom tight to make sure none of his dinner escaped, even if he would soon be drinking down mouthfuls of puppy jizz because his life depended on it, the smell of Shade’s loins, the heavy throbs rolling through that bus of a dick, the soft panting of the giant beast enjoying his favorite toy, they all reminded Jay of simpler times, better times. The panda could even feel a smile growing on his face “Good boy Shade\~” Jay said, leaning on that twitching giant and smooching the sheath fluid off of that oversized knot, tasting his old Master’s pure essence. “I missed you\~” The panda was broken, fed a diet of pure puppy jizz, exclusively kept alive to serve his feral kaiju Master, and yet somehow, he found peace in that. Well… this clone did at least.