Jay groaned and gagged as he was woken up again, a new string of consciousness that would only be broken when he either passed out again or was churned into an absent-minded slurry for his Master's pleasure. It was dark in the house, the lights out, and the sounds of the sloshing seed he was submerged in filling the bathroom outside of the rubber prison he was stuck in. The panda groaned and tried to turn his head up, trying to get his nose away from the intense stench of the pool of cum he was practically swimming in. On the bright side, whenever he re-formed like this the aches and pains of his body finally rested, his pelvis didn't feel broken, his ass didn't feel like he had been trying to sit on a watermelon, and most of the scars that littered his body had faded. Most except the four raked lines of disturbing flesh on his back, clearly showing through as a disturbance in his fur from where he had been claimed by the massive mutt that put him in the gargantuan condom he was stuck in now. The panda breathed a soft sigh to try and relax, only fogging up the interior surface of the rubber. He had stopped trying to keep track of time at this point. Anywhere from three to five days of being stretched out, fucked hard, and hung to dry on Shade's fat knot was accentuated with a good old session of being swallowed either down the beast's gullet or down that very dick that tormented Jay day and night. During these cycles the poor panda was either kept awake by the 'normal' 6 foot tall pup thrusting and throbbing inside of him, not letting him get an ounce of a break longer than an hour or so or if Shade was feeling rough he'd drag Jay outside and really turn up the brutality, growing anywhere from 10 to 20 feet tall and breaking the panda over his knot. These rougher sections usually knocked Jay out from the sheer pain of being practically ripped in half or from the disbelief of seeing Shade's cock tip poking out of his stretched open jaw like a unihole. After those was usually when Shade decided that his toy needed a 'tightening' and so down that overgrown shaft Jay went. He was always given a new potion from Zaun that would allow him to re-form like this and more than a few times he had pondered just dumping it out, leaving it up to fate to finally free himself from the tyrannical grip that this stupid mutt had over his life. One time he had even begun sobbing inside the beast's nuts, praying for his escape from this torturous reality only to hear that damned beast groaning with pleasure from the sound. That fucker enjoyed his pathetic weeps of sorrow so much that he ended up cumming prematurely and splatting the panda against the floor just to hear him whine and groan like the bitch he was. There was no escape from that beast and Jay knew it. He'd be lying if he said that he didn't get off whenever Shade had his way with him, but he kept telling himself that it was just a natural reaction to having his prostate crushed... right?

His second sigh left his mouth as more of a whimper as he tried to lift his hands up out of the warm, churning cum bath he was in, wiping his face to try and save at least a square inch of his fur from the drying seed. When his hands came down from his face his heart DROPPED into his gut, standing in the darkness, wavering and moving ever so slightly was a pair of shining red eyes and a large golden ring. Only a moment passed before a flash of white fangs joined the mass of black standing in the bathroom doorway. Jay sunk down to his nose in the fishbowl of seed he was stuck in as he watched Shade grow closer, lumbering and filling the bathroom with his growl. The pup was at his 'normal' height of 6 feet, taller than the panda even with his head lowered in a hunting position like this. Those red eyes seemed to glow brighter along with the golden ring on the pup's head, his slow, prowling crawl making Jay slink back to the opposite side of the rubber prison he was trapped inside of. By now Jay knew that whenever the beast's eyes and rings started to glow like this, it only meant bad things for him. Shade's tongue licked his lips as he opened his maw, pearly white teeth reaching up to grip around the top of the condom to TUG it down.

The sudden sloshing made Jay let out an "EEP\!" as he was once again submerged in a wave of sloshing puppy batter with no real way to tell where the air bubble had moved. Jay's recently reformed body struggled and thrashed, his head searching around for the pocket of air even if his muzzle was coated with so thick of seed that he would have no way of knowing if he found it or not. The panda wiggled and felt the condom get tugged over and over again, causing more waves of cum to slosh around inside of his prison, making his task of survival almost impossible\! The panda's lungs started to burn as his thrashing slowed, his thoughts slowing as the deafening sound of his own heartbeat was the only thing he could focus on anymore. Just when his lungs felt like they would burst and his eyes started to roll back in his head a sudden POP and a release of pressure made the panda sliiiiiiide down the broken shards of condom and the torrent of cum now spilled out over the grass under him. A loud GASP drew into Jay's lungs, the first taste of fresh air he had the chance to get in what had to be a week. The panda doubled over, gasping and coughing, his pathetic sounds provoking a deep, rumbling purr from the umbreon next to him.

Jay's fur was drenched in seed, thick and heavy, weighing him down and making him feel disgustingly dirty. Not a second after his hands wiped the excess puppy batter from his face did a wide, flat tongue give a long, slow lick up his chin. That tongue had to be at least the width of his torso, only making the panda whimper as he opened his eyes, seeing his 'mate' was now a towering beast, at least double Jay's height, looming over him with that wide, white smile. Jay whimpered and tried to stand, trying to at least SEEM like he had any power or dignity left in this situation but a massive fore paw pressed down on his back, two of those digits curling around either side of his chest to show just how massive the pup had grown. The feeling of a paw the size of half your body pressing you down into such a subservient position made the poor panda let out another whimper, his head lowered as he felt Shade's body THRUST forward, the glowing aura from the monster's rings bathing the entire back yard in an eerie light. The beast let out a deep growl, only making Jay's body freeze in the position he was in, bent down on his hands and knees as his tormentor circled him slowly, it was clear which one here was the pet and both of them knew it.

The sound hit Jay first, like somebody turning on a fire hose coming from right behind him. The force hit second and the smell soon after. A thick, pungent smell of a pup marking his territory filled Jay's nose and made his muzzle wrinkle, the pressure of the blast threatened to push Jay down into the puddle of white and yellow mixing under him. Shade made sure to push the little panda back and forth, the pressure 'washing' of Jay's fur, the jet of acrid piss as thick as his leg dumping liter after liter of thin marking urine all over his fur. Every time Jay let out even a whimper he would feel that jet get jostled around, the pup getting more excited and humping forward to the sounds of his pathetic toy. Just as the puddle of seed under him was cut through and replaced with a puddle of that steaming feral mark the beast's fore paw returned to his back, SPLASHING him down into its warmth. Jay could only struggle so much, the weight pressing on his back threatening to stomp him flat as Shade practically swirled him around in the piss puddle before a set of teeth on the back of Jay's neck finally pulled him free. Jay's fur was dripping wet, the smell of his master's mark singeing its way into his nostrils with every breath he took, but at least the heavy weight of his cum-bath was gone... right?

Shade lifted the panda high, the back of Jay's neck feeling the force of his entire weight pulling at the beast's sharp-toothed grip on him, the warm trickle of blood making him whimper and flinch but stay as still as he could, not wanting to wiggle out of Shade's grip at this point as his feet seemed to be at least 8 feet from the ground. Jay gulped as he thought of the implications of this, Shade's deep purr from behind him not helping to steady his nerves before he was gently let down to the ground, untainted grass beneath his feet. A loud THWUMP brought Jay's attention to Shade's new position, laid down in the grass with his head down, the brightly glowing ring on his forehead holding Jay's gaze until Shade flicked his head down. Between the beast's great legs in the dim illumination coming from his thighs was the object of Jay's fear for the past few months. A thick, twitching canine cock easily comparable to Jay's entire height with a knot terrifyingly thick just starting to form in the beast's jet black sheath. Shade gave a quick thrust of his hips and flashed a devilish smile to his toy, showing off those arm-sized teeth.

Jay knew that if he ran inside right now Shade wouldn't be able to follow him, hell he'd probably let the panda slink away inside without even giving chase. Shade knew he wasn't allowed in the house at any size above 10 feet tall anymore, but Jay also knew that if he resisted now he would just got knotted and dragged out later for a much rougher breeding. The scars on the panda's back stung, reminding him of his situation as a heavy sigh left his chest. "Yes master..." Jay mumbled with a defeated slunk, not even having to sink down to his knees as he approached that twitching slab of crimson dick. Shade let out a satisfied growl as he felt his toy's lips 'willingly' wrap around his tip, feeling that comparably tiny tongue lick and lap at the beads of piss still clinging to his tip. A heavy fore paw wrapped around Jay's head, the middle paw pad of that beast easily bigger than his head, a thought that Jay didn't want to think about even as those claws curled around and gripped onto the panda's forehead, extending just enough to make sure that the little cocksleeve had to watch his object of worship twitch and grow. Even Shade's shaft was about as thick as Jay's head, the beast hitting that point of growth that any true penetrative sex would be labeled impossible by normal standard but they both knew that wasn't going to stop Shade's lust.

With a sharp SHOVE of his paw Jay felt his jaw SNAP out of socket, the pain that was supposed to come with such a thing barely even a discomfort as the panda was used to this type of abuse, his jaw practically able to unhinge like a snake's from the constant barraging and stretching of his maw. A river of tears still streamed from the panda's eyes as he was forced to keep them open, watching that gigantic knot POP free of the beast's jet black sheath, almost spawning into existence before his very eyes in the slightly brightening light. The beast's knot was probably the same size of a curled up Jay at this stage but that was barely even a concern for the panda at this point. The pressure of another fore paw added to the herculean strength pushing his head down, stretching out his neck to more than double its normal size as a pathetic GARLK left Jay's throat. Tears flowed freely now and the panda started to whimper, each one bathing Shade's body in ever brightening light as the thick GLOBS of precum started to pump their way into Jay's belly. Hunger panged through the panda as he was hit with the post reformation fatigue, his body feeling the first bit of 'food' it had received since expending the energy it took to recover and it yearned for more. The panda's hands gripped around the massive twitching feed tube of a dick his master was feeding him, not even able to fit all the way around that pulsating meat as those nimble little hands started to stroke and squeeze, his belly growling as it surely forced him to try and milk a heartier meal from his master's dick.

Shame and disgust befell the panda's broken little mind as he had to watch himself stroke and squeeze a mutt's dick for his own survival. His throat ached and his belly growled, the slow, steady stream of pre dumping into his belly too thin to fully feed him and satiate his hunger even as he started to black out. Jay's body started to buckle from under him, more and more of his weight starting to be held up solely by Shade's paws shoving his head further onto the toy's feed tube. The panda knew that at this rate he would black out well before Shade started to fully unload which only meant that Jay was going to have dreams of getting his throat fucked, unable to escape his fate even as the sweet embrace of unconsciousness took him. All through the night Jay felt his body get abused, his dreams revolving around Shade's sheer power overwhelming him, the choking feeling filling his throat giving him illusions of the pup standing over him, stomping on his throat and laughing, almost like a person would. Jay's body hung mostly limp between Shade's legs as the pup went about his nightly activities, walking around the yard that he owned, battering Jay's body between his haunches and even SLAPPING the panda in the chest with those massive nuts whenever he stopped too quick. Jay's feet didn't even graze the ground as Shade left a trail of his patrol around the yard, the tip of his cock shoved so far down the panda's throat in order to secure him on that cartoonish knot bulge that more than half of Shade's near constant orgasm simply spilled on the ground, ruining Jay's legs and tail as his ass spurted rope after rope of seed.

At some point in his dreams the battering of unknown force and the sickly tight clenching of his own throat started to fade from Jay's mind, his cold, exposed body being suddenly swaddled by warmth even if he still smelled Shade's sheath with every breath. The panda's dreams soothed from the violent beatings to a soft, warm embrace, the body-shaking throbbing traveling from his throat to his ass dulling to a 'normal' violation of just his throat and chest, feeling the spreading warmth pulse within him as the softness of his master's fur embraced him. The visions of his dreams weren't much different than reality now, instead of the paranoid scramblings of an oxygen deprived brain trying to cling to life even as his body was speared through and through Jay saw himself curled up and swaddled by his master, the warm vibration of a purr letting the panda finally drift into a deep, comfortable sleep. Shade was even nice enough to give his face a few courtesy bucks to start properly filling his growling belly with a fresh load of spunk. A wave of satisfied bliss flowed over Jay's mind, his body becoming comfortable and his mind resting at ease with a bloated belly of Master's seed. This is where he belonged after all\~

Morning hit sooner than Jay expected, a sudden JOLT being ripped through his body as he was YANKED upwards, his ass dragging on the floor as his maw clung around Shade's knot, his eyes shooting wide open only to see the beast's fluffy crotch and the light of day peeking around it. Confusion sunk in and the panda thrashed around just enough to POP-GASP himself free of Shade's dick, the pup bounding off towards the door and leaving his still REEKING toy to sputter and cough in the middle of the floor. "Yes yes I'm home hon\~ And look who I brought\!" The voice was clearly Zaun's, the dragon greeting his massive ball of excitement he called a puppy but all of a sudden the sounds of clicking claws and excited borks stopped dead and Jay could hear the beast's body FWUMP to the floor. Curiosity took the panda as he turned to see what had stopped that beast, seeing Zaun standing in the doorway and Shade with his body laid as flat as possible, his head fully flat to the floor in front of a new beast. This one wore no collar and was brought in on no leash, his chest puffed high and a nasty looking scowl on his face. It was a vaporeon, a bit of a deeper purplish color than normal and with a high-crested mane of fins that gave him an almost regal appearance. The fishy pup placed a paw onto Shade's head before leaning down and giving a long, slow lick to the massive umbreon. The fish then stuck his nose up in the air and gave a few sniffs, his snout scrunching up as he started to growl at Shade even though the umbreon was a good two feet taller than him. Jay watched in confusion as the new mutt sauntered over to him, his chest puffed out high, his head above Jay's as the panda was seated, every step sent a small ripple through the beast's body that showed off a wall of muscle under a layer of soft pudge.

When the new arrival finally reached Jay the panda was about to stand up, only to get a clawed paw to the chest to instantly THROW him down to the floor. A sharp, fishy smell filled the air around Jay as he was met face to face with a wide maw of jagged, yellowed teeth. A deep, rumbling growl filled the air that made Shade let out a small whimper. "Mine\!" The beast growled, his voice low and gruff, confusing Jay if the beast actually spoke or if the growl just sounded like words. The beast's claws started to dig into Jay's chest as the panda started to pant, his breath growing short from the panic and the weight pressing him down. The panda thought that this new beast wasn't going to be as much of a threat considering the mass of Shade that he had been dealing with but as the paralyzed panda stared up at those glinting black and pink eyes he knew just how much of a demon was lurking behind them, hell this beast even made SHADE heel\! The vaporeon's nose twitched as he sniffed at Jay's fur, smelling Shade's mark on him only made his growl deepen. A smotheringly thick fishy smell filled Jay's nostrils, finally forcing out the smell of Shade's piss to replace it with a much more pungent stench. Soon after Jay's bulging belly felt two high pressure streams of warm fluid flow over him. Shade's ears went down and the big pup started to whine, only earning him a SCOWL from the newcomer, giving Jay just enough of a peek between the new beast's legs.

Jay's heart SUNK in his chest as he saw the tips of two tapered dicks peeking out of a FAT, droopy sheath that portrayed just how big those dicks could get, even the estimation of which made Jay whimper. The beast turned his attention back to Jay with a wide, toothy smile at the sound, that sadistic nerve being pricked as the beast started to dig his claws into his new toy. Jagged claws easily pierced Jay's skin, making the panda hiss with the stinging feeling of yet another wound being washed over by much more acrid piss this time. All Jay could do was whimper and whine though, his arms paralyzed by his side for fear of how much damage the beast's teeth could do to him. Zaun let out a heavy sigh as the beast finally stepped off of Jay's chest, turning around to FWUMP that fat, heavy ass onto the panda's chest, knocking the wind out of him and forcing him to draw another breath of the steaming, fishy piss he was laying in. "Ya couldn't have waited until ya got outside Vappy?" The dragon complained, addressing the vaporeon that sat upon his newest perch. The beast grumbled and scoffed, adding another fear to Jay's heart as he knew not even Zaun could remotely control this beast.

"Jay, this is Vappy, he's Shade's mate so technically you belong to him now I guess." The dragon explained, reaching down to pat Shade's head, the pup's tail started to swish, happy to see his mate again but still nervous as his new size seemed vexing to the fish. The fish turned to Shade and let out a deep growl, his eyes flicking up and down, examining Shade's new height with an inquisitive look, his claws coming out from irritation to sink into Jay's thighs, making the panda whine. The fish turned his head to flash a sadistic smile at Jay before SLAPPING his thick, heavy tail down on Jay's face to shut him up. "Fine\~ But you stay Shade's size or lower inside alright? Anything bigger you take your toy outside\!" The dragon tried to stand his ground against the demonic fish in front of him, Jay catching most of the flak as his face was battered about by an irritated tail flicking around. The fish let out a deep, dissatisfied growl, standing up and hovering his ass over Jay's face just long enough for the panda to witness what the beast was TRULY packing. A pair of heavy, plump nuts that threatened to dangle to the ground hung between the beast's legs and an ass that was perched above perfectly plump haunches was quickly covered by that tail, the entire crotch area of the beast letting out a pungently fishy stench. While Shade's musk was soft and earthy, something you could get lost in and turn your brain off, Vappy's was thick and pungent, it brought Jay's attention snapping back time and time again so that he would have no way to NOT smell it pure and proper.

Vappy let out another growl, this one angry and commanding, his teeth SINKING into Jay's hand and tugging the panda along, sliding the soaked panda out of the puddle of piss he was laying in. Shade stood upright for the first time since Vappy walked into the house, bounding off to the other room. The panda struggled to get up, not even having to bend down to have the beast pull him along. Vappy had to be at least 4 feet tall and well over 200 lbs and he knew how to use every inch and every pound. The fish practically threw Jay to the grass, Shade's marking from the night before still drying which only made Vappy sniff and growl deeper. Vappy started to pace small circles around the panda, Jay having no choice but to curl up as the demon nipped and prodded at his naked, cowering body. Jay could tell the fish was enjoying every little whimper and whine that left his lips, the fish's walk slowly becoming more lumbering and waddling as the beast had to keep his dicks from dragging on the grass. Jay remembered now how he thought Shade was a torment greater than death itself, how he would pray for ANY fate besides being tethered to that pup's cock for more than a day. Now that he was facing the alternative though, all Jay could do was whimper and curl up tighter, the pacing circles of the fishy smelling new beast growing tighter as those deep growls tormented the panda along with nips to his arms and legs. Eventually the smell of Vappy's overly potent musk was the only thing Jay could smell, the thick, salty, fishy stench filling his nose and forcing a cough from his mouth.  
	
A clawed fore paw pressed against Jay's curled up legs, easily tipping and throwing the panda onto his back, causing his hands to let go of his legs in order to catch himself. Vappy was waiting for just that, the fish easily hooking his fore paws between Jay's thighs and PRESSING them apart before waddling himself closer, that devilishly smiling, yellow-fanged maw mere inches away from Jay's face now. The panda's ears flattened to his head as he felt the wiggling, slimy mass of the beast's dicks worming around on his body, coating his already soaked fur in an even thicker scent than his earlier marking. Jay tried to wiggle and write, trying to free himself and slide out from under the horny demon until he felt two fore paws SLAM down on his arms, easily pinning them down to the grass. The panda's yipe was cut short as he felt his throat get CLAMPED shut, jagged points pressing into his flesh as a terrifying growl blew fishy breath against his neck. It was all the panda could do to not piss himself at this point, his life had been toyed with before by Shade, but feeling those teeth gripping his neck, knowing that this demon was willing and able to snuff out his pathetic existence made Jay's blood run cold. A weak whimper was all that Jay could manage as he felt those tapered, slimy dicks wiggle and worm, the beast pinning him down wiggling his hips and almost awkwardly handling his own endowment. That all ended when Jay felt the tips of those twin members poke into his permanently gaped ass, easily pressing into the hole that Shade had already ruined time and time again.

With Vappy only being half the size of Shade's standard at this point, Jay thought that he would be able to handle the new beast's rut just as well, after all, Vappy didn't even have a knot\! A pained "YELP\!" made Jay's head throw back, Vappy's teeth gripping tighter around his throat to keep the cocksleeve of a panda still even as the beast HILTED himself in the squirming panda. Jay's vision went white as he felt his ass STRETCH around those twin shafts, the combined girth of their bases made the panda feel like he was going to be ripped in half if He was thrust into again, the panda's belly bulging and wiggling as Vappy tried to get 'comfy' inside his new toy. Jay gasped for breath as he felt Vappy pull back, the beast's powerful hips SLAMMING forward to crush every organ in the poor panda's body with the sheer VOLUME of dick being pumped into him. As the ringing in Jay's ears slowly faded it was replaced with a dominant, angry sounding growl. With another slow SHLOOORP backwards Jay prepared to catch his breath, a heavy gasp returning just enough of his vision to see Vappy's forepaw SLAM down onto his chest, pressing the breath out of his lungs as the big fish GLARED down at him. That terrifying maw opened above him, the thick, fishy smelling spittle drooling from Vappy's mouth as it grew closer, Jay's maw forced open by another PRESS of a fore paw against his chest. Jagged, dagger-like teeth GRIPPED around Jay's muzzle, latching onto him TIGHTLY as that thick, wiggling tongue SHOVED its way down the panda's throat. Jay's eyes rolled in his head as he was choked, gagging on the thick, pungent taste of Vappy's spit as another THRUST rocked through his entire body. The fish's spit globbed and practically sealed over the panda's nose, not letting the little sleeve get anything to breathe. The panda's body twitched and convulsed, deprived of air for long enough that every muscle in his body tried desperately to throw off the demon choking him. These pathetic struggles only made Vappy's cocks THROB, shooting thick globs of pre into the writhing cock sock as he stared down into the panda's eyes, watching his light of life slowly die out with his struggles.

A thick, FOUL tasting breath was PUMPED into Jay's lungs soon after he fully blacked out, the panic of being pinned while regaining consciousness made him attempt to struggle, one of his arms still pinned under a heavy weight as his other was barely responding to his wishes. Jay's nerves were given a jump-start to reboot as he felt another body-shaking THRUST rock his body, his eyes tearing up as his vision slowly returned, only seeing the devilish glare of the vaporeon pinning him down. Another rancid breath was FORCED into Jay's lungs, the taste of Vappy's breath singeing the panda's nose as he was practically given CPR by the tormenting beast, Vappy letting Jay know EXACTLY how much of his life was in the demon's control. Just as Jay's consciousness had fully returned, his body's twitching restarting to satisfy fish's need for a struggle, Jay felt a terrifyingly powerful THROB pulse through his body. The panda felt sick to his stomach for multiple reasons, the fishy breath tainting his lungs, the twin, writhing dicks hallowing out his insides, the fact that this feral beast had full reign over his very LIFE. Another THRUST interrupted his thoughts though, his head falling back to let out a gasping scream, barely a squeak with the little air he had managed to get. The panda's pathetic nature and adorable sounds of submission made Vappy's lust SPIKE, the fish's teeth SINKING into Jay's shoulder as he started to SLAM his hips into the panda's. Any flexibility or softness in the tapered nature of Vappy's dicks was long gone now, turgid members thrusting up into Jay's chest cavity SLAMMED forward with each hump, the beast's teeth RIPPING into his flesh as he let out a full SCREAM. Shade had bitten his shoulder before in the heat of the moment but now that he felt what a REAL beast was capable of, Jay knew that the big umbreon had been holding back this whole time\! Vappy had no such inhibitions, his teeth tearing skin and probably muscle as he slammed his weight onto the screaming and gasping panda.

Despite the multiple pains and aches in his body, the growling beast tearing into his shoulder and the weight of the monster causing his breath to only come in short gasps and leave in pathetic screams, Vappy's cocks were CRUSHING Jay's prostate for everything that it was worth. The panda's own cock had been teased hard and rubbed by that soft, warm, pudgy belly laying on top of him, his 'training' with Shade making every growl and every thrust send a wave of Pavlov'd pleasure through his body. A weak, barely felt PULSE shot through Jay's cock, the panda ending up the first one to cum as his body was wrecked and hallowed, his innards CLENCHING as he dumped a pathetic load all over his bulging belly and the smooth gut of his tormentor. Vappy couldn't care less if his fleshlight came, he couldn't care less if the pleasure of afterglow was slowly fading into the pain of being torn in half for the little whining sleeve, he didn't even care that Jay's shallow breaths started to whine and wordlessly beg him to stop, the beast was too close. Just as Jay was able to plead out a whimper of a "s-stop\! Pl-lease..." Vappy's eyes DILATED. The beast's sadistic need for a whining, clenching little thing to be wrapped around his cocks was finally sated and with one final THRUST the fish's dicks started to SPEW their loads. Jay could feel the beast's nuts CLENCHING against his abused ass, the absurdly thick bases of those dicks stretching ever so slightly with each PULSE of seed. Vappy's growls faded into the slightest hint of a pleasured purr as Jay felt the growing pressure travel up his body. "GARLK\!" The panda gagged, the thick taste of thick, heavily salty seed traveled up the back of his throat, threatening to spew from his maw before a fore paw SLAMMED up against his chin, pushing his head back to press his head into the dirt, forcing his mouth closed as the thick taste of Vappy's seed flooded his maw, unable to escape his lips as two jets of the fish-gunk shot from his nose. Vappy stood tall as his teeth dripped with the blood from Jay's shoulder, the fish growling down to his newest conquest as he watched Jay's belly BLOAT with seed, wobbling and growing with each CLENCH from the beast's oversized nuts.

The cold grip of unconsciousness pulled Jay under as he lay there, flooded, pained, bruised and broken. Shade had been abusing him for MONTHS with a differing size and a verity of potions, his fate suspended with the pup's lust as he was used as a breeding mount and a chew toy but THIS was something else. Vappy was a true demon, the fish truly only concerned about his own lust and if someone else had to suffer for it then that seemed to make the demon even MORE interested. This sleep was cold, his body flooded with sloshing seed and his body chilly, only his shoulder was BURNING hot from the gnarly wound left by the demon. Jay's dreams were dominated by the fish's smell, the comforting, soft, natural scent of Shade's embrace so far away now, replaced with the overly salty smell of the sea. All Jay could do was whine in his fevered dreams, his belly rumbling and churning around, nightmares of that fish's glare making his entire body shiver with fear. The panda's body felt so helpless, his gaze catching on his own inflated belly as he watched it writhe and kick almost like he was pregnant\! Surely it was just the fevered dream spurred on from the adrenaline fading right?

Vappy huffed as he finished filling his newest toy, grumbling as he poked and prodded the passed out panda, rolling his eyes in an expression of dis-contempt for the weakness of the little bitch below him. The fish let out a big yawn, licking his teeth from the delicious blood of his conquest as his cocks SHLOOOOORPLOPPED out of that limp sleeve. The fish grumbled and waddled over the unconscious panda, wiping some of the cum from his cocks on the panda's fur before flopping on his side in the sun, warming himself and presenting his messy cocks for the audience. Shade soon padded closer to his mate, knowing better than to disturb the beast mid-breeding, the pup more than double the size of his fishy mate but keeping his head low as he approached, pressing his big snout to Vappy's chest. Now that the fish was good and satisfied he was a bit less grumpy, seeing his mate trot over made his hind legs spread wide, presenting his mess of a crotch to the big umbreon.

	"CLEAN" The demon growled, his voice low and gravely, it was debatable that the beast was even speaking english. Shade was quick to please, his massive tongue lapping and gently cleaning off the still-twitching dicks of his mate, licking the thick, salty seed from those fishy smelling dicks without even a wince, the pup used to this kind of worship even after missing it for the past few months. Vappy did end up growling at the pup though, even as Shade's cheeks puffed out, fully engulfing and suckling on his mate's smooth, oversized sack. Vappy's fore paw pressed against Shade's head, the ring on the pup's head big enough to fit the fish's whole paw. The fish growled and rolled to stand up, groaning at the effort. Normally Shade would sleep under the massive fish, Shade's normal height of around 3 feet made the 4 foot plus fish into the larger, smothering mate, a position Vappy thoroughly enjoyed. The fish scowled and lowered his head, growling and baring his teeth at his own mate. Shade let out a low whimper as his ears fell flat to his head, the pup understanding his mate's anger and walking off to go get the demon something to level the playing field.  
Jay's nightmares reached a fevered pitch as his body started to convulse, rousing him violently from his slumber as he felt like he was going to barf. His eyes BURST open as he looked around frantically, it was night time, he was still outside and he seemed to be alone. The panda's stomach felt like it was rolling over in his gut, every part of his belly squirming and moving on his own as he forced himself to roll onto all fours, wincing at the wound on his shoulder but having to bear the pain. A hacking cough was interrupted as he felt something catch in his throat, the panda's eyes watering as he tasted the thick, salty taste as if Vappy had just flooded his maw anew. The panda gagged and grabbed at his neck with his weakened hand, feeling a mass slowly press its way up his throat. The panda's eyes went wide as he gagged and coughed, choking and crying before spitting up a pale, white slug. The taste in his mouth was undoubtedly Vappy's, the living slug worming and wiggling its way away from Jay as the panda watched in disgust. Another coughing fit started as the panda realized his fate, his legs wobbling as he felt his ass start to stretch alongside his throat, the panda's gut growling and writhing as he puked up another slug, his leg feeling an equally slimy creature quite literally crawl out from his ass. The panda heaved and gagged, barely able to catch his breath due to the combo of slugs birthing themselves from his throat and the hysteria caused by the whole thing. After what seemed like half an hour of coughing and puking up Vappy's terrifying brood the panda collapsed onto the grass yet again, huffing and grabbing his arms around his chest to try and comfort the violation his body just went through. The panda groaned in pain as his shoulder burned, his belly growling as it had just been forcibly emptied, his hunger panging as he laid in the tainted grass, gasping and trying to spit out the taste of the brood Vappy had implanted into him.

Just as the panda started to cry he felt a warm, wet tongue lap at his shoulder, soothing the pain as he opened his eyes back up. Shade was staring down at him, the beast's fore paws on either side of his chest, each one bigger than his body. The pup was probably as tall as Zaun's house at this point, his size only outlined by the gentle glow of the pup's golden rings. Tears streamed down Jay's face as he was comforted by the giant pup, the light tingle of a healing potion numbing his shoulder as Shade took care of him, licking and lapping with a tongue the width of Jay's chest. Jay's hand came up to gently hold Shade's muzzle, the panda sobbing a bit, comforted by seeing the "gentle" giant taking care of him again. Another growl left Jay's stomach as he groaned, Shade giving the panda a lick to the face, more of a slap with how big and heavy that tongue was but the feelings came through. Jay slowly got to his feet, able to stand between Shade's fore limbs easily without even bumping his head on the pup's chest. Shade's body held a comforting warmth as Jay made his way back, his hands reaching up to cradle the heavy sheath hovering above his head. Shade's hips gave a small buck as he freed the crimson tip of his member, thicker than Jay's head and slowly growing free from that jet black sheath. Jay didn't feel any shame anymore, he was hungry and Shade was good enough to him to give him a free meal, something he sorely needed. Just as Jay's lips wrapped around that drooling cock tip the panda was SLAMMED to the ground, smacked in the face by Shade's falling hips.

"Maybe it was just an excited hump?" Jay thought as he held his head, knocked to the ground and looked up to see what happened. A look of sheer terror fell onto Jay's face, two thick, tapering cocks were pressed between Shade's haunches, wiggling and drooling thick, fishy smelling cock slime all over the ground below the massive pup. Jay whimpered as he stepped out from between Shade's legs, wobbling as his legs had still not fully remembered how to move. Shade was somewhere around 20-25 feet tall at this point, towering well over the fences of the neighborhood. Mounted behind the giant, jet-black pup was a terrifyingly massive Vappy. The demon's head was held high, proud of his new size as he mounted his mate, towering over the houses of the neighborhood as his mane-like frills splayed wide, almost like he was claiming his rule. The ground SHOOK as Vappy's fore paws SLAMMED down on the back of Shade's neck, pinning the pup's chest to the ground and making the pup let out a car alarm triggering whine. An audible THROB pulsed through Vappy's dicks, the twin monsters each the size of a damn CAR at this point as they slathered and painted Shade's fur in fishy slime. All Jay could do was sit there, his mouth agape as he watched Vappy so easily overpower Shade in the largest size Jay had even SEEN before. It took everything in his body to even rip his eyes away from those squirming, throbbing cocks, his eyes locking with Vappy's as the fish stared down at the ant of a panda. The sinister smile that grew on Vappy's lips was something that terrified Jay to the bone, each one of those jagged teeth as thick as the panda's chest as they gleamed from the light of Shade's excitedly glowing rings. Jay gulped and let out a pathetic whine as Vappy stared through his soul, the panda pissing himself in fear from the intensity of that gaze. The gesture only made Vappy's cocks THROB louder, stiffening up and SLAPPING Shade's belly, making the pup groan and whine, rolling his hips back as he waited for his mate to claim him. Whatever Vappy had planned, Jay somehow doubted that he would be able to live through it...