Nowhere is Safe

It had been at least half a year since Jay had properly seen the outside world. The little femboy red panda's time was mostly delegated to satisfying the unstoppable libido of Zaun's oversized umbreon pet Shade. The pup's recent addiction to size-changing potions had gifted the pup with the ability to change his size at will, thus making the 3' tall pooch grow to a standard size of well over 6'. That bright smile of gleaming white razor teeth haunted what little dreams the panda was able to have at this point, those deep red eyes staring down at the shivering, whining panda before biting, clawing, bending over, and raping the panda into submission twice a day before letting poor Jay collapse under him. Sometimes the pup was more gentle, simply laying on his side and letting the panda move at his own pace, still looming over the much smaller panda, threatening Jay with his smile and softly forcing him to worship the twitching puppy cock presented to him. Other times Jay would see those red eyes gleaming at him from across the room in the middle of the night, the dim glow of Shade's golden rings illuminating the room just enough to see that light reflect off of his slowly growing dick. At times like these Jay knew that he wasn't going to be able to walk for the next couple of days, he knew that his fur would probably smell like puppy piss and his back would be scarred by those terrifyingly sharp claws. Jay let out a sigh as he heard Zaun's car pull back into the driveway, the dragon had taken Shade away for just long enough for the panda to stand on wobbly legs, his ass still gaping and drooling a bit of umbreon seed from the night before.

Zaun stepped into the front door with a huff, the normally puffed-out chest of that proud, slightly ditzy dragon was instead hunched over, his face which usually held a wide smile was furrowed in thought. Even when Shade wasn't home, Jay still had to tilt his head back to look up at Zaun, seemingly everyone in this house was at least a foot taller than him or several hundred pounds stronger than him. "Sorry Jay but Shade's gunna have to spend the night at the Vet, they're running tests to see how the whole growth thing is gunna affect his health..." The dragon seemed concerned, his head hanging heavy and his breath coming almost exclusively in sighs. "S-so I get to go home?" Jay stuttered, his head tilting as the thought of such a thing had been pretty much drained from his mind for the past few months, his brain's entire power having to focus on just staying alive while Shade had his way with him. Zaun looked down at the wobbly-stanced little panda with a confused look, tilting his head "Yeah? You always have been but I guess since your boyfriend isn't gunna be home." Jay could barely contain his excitement at this, every other time he had tried to escape from the fate of being a puppy's fuck-sleeve he had been hunted down and dragged back, usually by the umbreon's knot lodged into his hips. Jay wasted no time pushing past the himbo dragon, hobbling out the front door and drinking in the first breath of fresh air he had gotten in a long time. The lingering taste of Shade's musk still hung heavy in the panda's lungs, his breath sighs leaving the taste of umbreon cum on his tongue, something he was finally going to end.

The sun was shining perfectly down onto the panda's fur as he made his way home, he wasn't even bothered that he was leaving a trail of cum drips behind him nor the fact that everyone around him was staring at his naked form strutting down the street. None of that bothered him now, he could finally go home, finally, take a shower and sleep in his own bed. Jay's back slumped against the inside of his front door when he finally got home, sliding down to sit his tender ass onto the pile of mail that had formed over the past few months. The panda let out a long sigh as he tried to relax, his mind finally clearing before he looked down. Red marked letters and bills were piled up among the spam, so many things that he would have to worry about now that he was returning to his old life. He would have to get into contact with his old job, try to explain his position, and probably beg for his job back, probably at reduced pay. That damned mutt, putting him that far behind by keeping him captive all this time. With another long sigh, Jay finally stood back up, lumbering up to his bedroom, too tired to even take a shower or fully clean the settled dust. As he POMFED onto his bed the panda let out a soft coo, spreading his arms wide to spread out his body, finally not stuck under some growling mutt while he tried to sleep, finally able to sleep on his own terms instead of being knocked out from the pain of being lifted up by his pelvis from the mutt's oversized knot.

Jay laid in bed, his exhaustion not letting him move more than rolling over and adjusting his position a few times but his head wouldn't stop spinning. The panda groaned and grumbled, tossing and turning, unable to sleep for some godforsaken reason. His annoyance only grew when he felt his reason throbbing under the sheets, his own member stiff as a board and twitching angrily, so used to being milked dry by a prostate-crushing knot for the past half-year. The panda groaned as he sat up, throwing his covers off to stare down at his aching member, the movement of his body making the embedded smell of Shade's marking in his fur assault his nose, only adding to the throbbing of his own member. With a grumble Jay stood and went to the shower, trying to wash away the deep seeded smell of his previous captor, hoping that it would help him finally get some rest. Night had already fallen at this point, the window outside his bedroom pitch black meaning he had spent the whole day squirming around, unable to sleep from his own subconscious arousal, his needy body edging itself with thoughts of the sexual torture he had endured for the past months. Just as he was about to open the door to the bathroom a quake rolled through the floor, his house shaking as he tried to hold onto the doorway, his still woozy legs barely able to catch footing as he hugged the door frame. Earthquakes had never really hit his area before, much less without a warning first\! Another quake rumbled audibly outside, the rhythmic shivering of the very ground making the panda close his eyes and grab his door frame tight. What luck he had, out of the grip of a sex-obsessed feral and into a natural disaster\! The quakes grew louder, more violent as Jay could hear his house creaking before all of a sudden, they stopped.

A relieved sigh rolled from Jay's lips as he got to his shaky feet, his eyes opening to see the lights in his room had gone out, instead replaced with a basking, pale-yellow light filling the house. The familiarity of the light made the panda gulp, a rolling rumble as deep and heavy as thunder outside his window made his body shutter. Sure enough, the source of the light and sound was right outside, Shade's massive head, the glowing ring on his forehead barely in the frame of the window, a deep, rumbling purr in the beast's throat as he stared in at Jay with glowing red eyes. As if the premise of his tormentor staring at him through the window of his own house wasn't bad enough, Jay let out a whimper as he remembered... His bedroom was on the second floor. The panda tried to shake his head, tried to slap his cheeks, prayed to god that he was dreaming, but a slobber-soaked tongue slapped against his window, too wide to even fit its edges on the glass, and a low whimper from the waiting pup made Jay fall to his knees and sob. His nightmare wasn't over, it would never be over, this damned pup would chase him to the edge of the earth to recapture its "toy". And worst of all, despite this realization, Jay still found himself painfully erect, his cock drooling with anticipation as it practically cheered for its master's return. Another whine shook Jay's body to the core as Shade's patience was running thin, the pup nosing at the glass, damn near breaking the siding of the house in as he tried to prod at his toy. The panda reluctantly opened the window, letting Shade push his nose into the bedroom, the massive pup's snout barely fitting, cracking the trimming of the window as he sniffed at Jay's chest, his tongue blepping out as it tried to lap at his much-missed toy.

Despite everything, Jay couldn't help but smile, the warm sniffs and huffs of air from Shade's nose feeling somewhat comfortable at this point, his own hand reaching out to pet the pup's face even as he wiped the tears from his eyes. With his master so close Jay relaxed a bit, knowing that he wouldn't have to worry about work was nice, knowing that he wouldn't have to lay awake at night too horny to sleep was a huge plus as well. The panda's aching erection made his hips hump softly, knowing that Shade would soon take care of it, the grumble in the panda's belly from forgetting to eat all day also started to relax, knowing that soon his master would fill him to the brim with all the warm puppy batter that he could fit. The thought of all of the pain associated with getting the pup's rocks off when he was this big made the panda let out a soft whimper though, knowing he would end up flattened under the not-so-careful pup if Shade so chose. A thundering CRASH shook the house and knocked Jay to the ground, his head spinning as he stood back up to look through his window. Laying in a new small crater in the ground was that overgrown hound, his legs splayed open and his eyes staring right back up at the panda. In the reflection of the pup's glowing rings, Jay could see the beast's cock, fully erect, its shaft thicker than his torso and its knot the size of a couple of yoga balls. The sight of the two-and-a-half story behemoth of an umbreon presenting himself like this made Jay's blood run cold. Hell, the pup could probably get a more size-appropriate mate by just humping his HOUSE\! But even with these thoughts mulling around Jay couldn't help but feel his cock THROB between his legs, drooling excitement as he felt the deep vibrations of the waiting pup's purr, knowing the only way he would be able to get off at this point would be to satisfy that massive beast.

Jay weighed his options, that constant, rumbling purr and the steady, earth shaking beats of the monster's tail distracting him a bit too much for his liking. He could either go outside and jerk off a doggy dick bigger than his whole body and pray that Shade would leave him alone for the rest of the night, or he could wait until the pup got impatient and simply wrecked his house to get to him. An ungodly CRASH broke apart both the stalemate and most of Jay’s bedroom. Timber flew everywhere, splinters shattering and lodging themselves into the wall, the sounds of glass shattering, cables snapping and car alarms blaring soon broke the relative quiet of the neighborhood. Jay’s entire body shivered as he turned around, seeing Shade withdraw his forepaws from the mighty STOMP that just destroyed his house. Water flowed freely from the snapped pipes, the dust of destruction settled slowly as Shade laid his chin on the remains of the second story floor. The pup didn’t utter any commands, didn’t even flick his head, all he did was open his maw WIDE. Shade’s tongue was easily the size of a twin mattress, maybe even wider, the beast’s head bigger than an elephant’s, not a surprise considering the pup himself was almost twice that size. Jay whimpered as the neighborhood woke up from the commotion, the yelling and panic of others drowned out by the deep, rumbling growl emanating from Shade’s open maw, the panda knew what Shade wanted and at this point there wasn’t a way to argue. Instead of waiting another few moments for the pup to lose his patience again and simply gobble him up, Jay waked over, his head hung low and his ears flat, small whimpers leaving his muzzle as the smell of Shade’s puppy breath only made him harder. He was broken, nothing but a toy, and soon he wouldn’t even be that.

With the panda laying down on that soft, warm, wet and wiggling tongue, Shade closed his maw, locking Jay into that cavern of puppy breath and darkness. The panda gripped around that tongue, his body able to lay straight with his feet braced against the pup’s teeth, his head still having a few inches of clearance before that tight throat in front of him. There were yells and screams, panicked but muffled from in here, whether they were coming from the outside world or from inside the pup’s gut, Jay couldn’t tell, who knows how many ‘snacks’ the pup picked up on his way. Even now, in the most dire of situations, his entire body reduced to less than a gulp for this monster of a pokemon, Jay’s cock throbbed and twitched, edging itself by making the panda hump that tongue under him. Jay whined as he started to huff the familiar stench of his master’s breath, he had been forced to swallow the very same tongue he was now riding so many times that being surrounded by it made him squirm. Shade must have started moving at some point, even in the dark, damp holding cell he was stuck in Jay could feel the tremors with every footfall of the great beast, his body getting bucked around inside that maw, knowing now how little control he had. Even with his strongest grip on the beast’s tongue Jay’s body slid around in that slick cavern, his face sliding down to practically smooch the tightly closed pup’s throat. ‘At least he doesn’t want to eat me’ Jay thought, having been gobbled down by the pup more times than he could count. But before, he had potions that made sure he came back alive… now… not so much, but Shade knew that. Right?

After what felt like an eternity of being jostled around in Shade’s maw, forced to edge from the constant grinding against the pup’s tongue, only being fed “fresh” air in the form of whatever breath Shade gifted him, Jay was SPAT out onto the ground. The panda’s fur was slicked down, stuck flat to his body by the pup’s thick puddle of spittle that he was laying in, the fur on his underside not faring much better as it was stuck this way and that from the rough ride. As Jay gasped and coughed, trying to get the taste of his master’s spit out of his mouth, he felt the beast’s growl pierce his body again. Before he could even turn around to look at the monster a paw bigger than his body ‘nudged’ him over onto his back, making the panda wince in pain from the impact. Shade’s glowing red eyes and brightly shining forehead ring were joined by a terrifyingly bright smile. Those teeth, each as thick as a normal person’s chest and long enough to skewer a man through and through, made Jay’s breath grow short, his chest heaving as he started to panic. His cock, however, was overjoyed at the familiar sight of his master looming over him again. Jay had to rip his sight away from the beast’s terrifying face, only to look down and grow faint. He had seen Shade presenting that monster of a dick in his backyard, but there was a window and a good 20 feet between them then but now there was nothing but the beast’s body.

Shade followed his toy’s gaze and lifted a fore paw, letting his whimpering little panda get an eyeful of that dick, its smooth, crimson shaft that was thicker than Jay’s whole body, the liters of pre that it SPURT whenever Jay let out even the slightest whimper and most terrifying of all, the exposed, twitching knot waiting at the base. That dick was bigger than Jay’s entire body a few times over and it only grew bigger as Shade started to walk forward, his steps bouncing Jay’s body off of the dirt as the panda felt each spurt of thick, warm pre rope over his body, first over his feet, practically gluing them to the ground, then over his crotch, shaming even the biggest load he had ever mustered, then his belly and chest, knocking the wind out of him with the force that the spurts carried. Soon Shade’s dick hung down right over the panda’s entire body, the pup’s tip a few feet above Jay’s face and drooling a thick bead of pre the size of the whimpering toy’s head. Either Jay’s mind finally snapped to accept his fate or the constant edging at the thought of getting destroyed by the very same pup looming over him finally got the panda to act. His hands reached up, barely long enough to get his hands around the very tip of Shade’s drooling cock head. The panda’s maw opened wide, welcoming the thick, salty taste of his master’s pre onto his tongue, his legs squirming and grinding together at the taste he had been subconsciously begging for all day. The beast had broken him long ago, but it wasn’t until he spent a day apart from his master that Jay truly accepted his place. 

Despite his ‘willingness’ to swallow down anything that cock tip spurt into his maw, the pup’s cock seemed to stop its flow. Jay hesitantly opened his eyes to see that dimly illuminated cock, still throbbing with enough force to make his arms shake as they held on. As Jay’s gaze turned upwards he could see the beast’s smile again, this time upside-down as the umbreon looked through his fore limbs at his greedy toy. A snicker filled the air as Shade teased his toy, the beast’s hips wiggling to strain Jay’s grip on that cock, threatening to take it away from him. If the panda had any function left in his brain he would try and wiggle away at this point, try to assert his choice and get away from the monster, maybe offer to simply jerk him off from the side. But Jay was long gone. After a full day of being edged by the trauma of the past 6 months, the smell of his master in his fur and now the sheer SIZE of the beast looking down at him like the slut he was, Jay was long past thinking with his brain. “P-please Shade\! I-I won’t try and leave again\! I p-promise…” the panda found himself begging, his own pleasure so close, knowing that even another mouthful of pre would be enough to push him over. 

Shade’s smile grew wider, his snicker replaced with a deep growl as he sat his hind legs down, letting his cock SLAP down onto Jay’s body, knocking the wind out of the panda and FLOODING his face with another thick spurt of pre. The panda gagged and gulped, his feet flailing out and finding purchase pushing against the top of the monster’s knot, Shade’s shaft alone as long as his full body while standing up since the beast’s tip was pressed right against Jay’s muzzle. To anybody but the lust-crazed panda a sight like this would be terrifying, that cock slit easily big enough to swallow his muzzle, opening only to DRENCH his face with another shot of thick pre. Even Jay’s arms weren’t enough to fully wrap around the body of that dick, the monster’s size would be impossible to pleasure were it not for the love Shade had for Jay’s whimpers. Every pulse of the beast’s heart lifted Jay off the ground only to SLAM him back down, the weight, the warmth, the smell and the TASTE of Master’s dick was ruining his already clouded brain. “A-AHHH\!” The panda cried out, his hips humping to the beat of Shade’s mighty heart beats as Jay blew his load, barely a quarter of the volume of one of Shade’s spurts of pre but the ecstasy of orgasm finally flowed through to clear the panda’s foggy brain. 

It only took a moment before Jay snapped back to the reality of his situation, trapped under the twitching cock of a kaiju sized umbreon, being pushed into the ground by the simple beat of the monster’s heart, his lungs only able to draw breath between gulps of mouthfuls of precum. Jay started to struggle, his brain finally realizing the danger he was in. But it was too late. Shade’s forepaws slid forward in the dirt, his body slowly pressing down onto the whimpering, gasping and struggling panda below him. Jay was only able to wince as he was crushed, the full weight of that cock slowly pressing down to smother him under its throbbing warmth. Once Shade’s whimpers hit the open air he was given less air to gasp, the pup getting excited from the pathetic sounds of his toy’s struggles, the pathetic attempts to grip around his shaft, the struggling wiggles hitting all of that beast’s sadistic buttons. The first THRUST shook the ground, CRUSHING into Jay’s chest as he tried to grab on tight to that oversized dick, his face covered in so many globs of thick pre that his grip was fading from the lack of air. The second THRUST ground Jay against the dirt, his back aching as the scar that Shade had given him opened back up, reminding him of his place. Thrust after earth shaking thrust Jay was ground into the dirt, only given enough time between to gasp in air for the sole purpose of letting his Master hear his pathetic pleas and cries. Every breath Jay could muster was tainted, his body trapped under 300lbs of dick and well over 15 tons of beast. His breaths stung, his busted ribs poking his lungs as his vision started to fade. 

By the time Shade was done the panda’s struggles had stopped. The umbreon stood up fully, letting the panda slowly SHLIIIIIIPLOP\! Off of the puppy dick he was glued to. Shade looked down at the broken mess of a panda, slathered in pre and crushed into a ditch dug by his own humping. The umbreon growled deeply before throwing his head back and letting out a HOWL that shook the woods, setting off car alarms for miles around as a mighty SPLURT\! Blasted the twitching body of the panda. Spurt after spurt Shade humped his hips, spraying the already cum-covered panda with his firehose of a cock. By the time he was done a practical pond of puppy seed was all that remained, the only marker for Jay’s grave. Shade didn’t pay it any mind, the panda had come back from everything else he had been through in the past year, in the feral’s mind he would just have to hunt down that squeaky toy of a cocksleeve again tomorrow so with that, Shade bounded home, either he’d have his toy crawl back to him with the small river of seed he was still dripping as a path, or he would have to use a broken toy until Zaun got him a new one. He WAS a good boy after all\~