Jay sat at the bar with a ditzy smile plastered across his face. The red panda's tail swayed lazily behind him, his head heavy enough to need his hands to prop him up. It was his first night out in a while and the panda was hoping to at least score SOME type of date but here he was. Despite everything, the night was still young and he was still hopeful, his smile never wavering as he watched a friend of his walk up to the bar, a little gray kobold with a cute little blue nose named Waffle. The panda couldn't help but snicker as Waffle clambered his way onto the bar stool, leaning over to put a hand on the fluffy kobold's shoulder. "HIC\! W-what are you doin here?\! I didn't know this place served kiiiiiiids\~" Jay giggled, teasing the little kobold with a slur to his voice. Waffle was less than amused, shrugging off Jay's hand and tapping the counter to try and get some service. "HEY\! Hey Waaaaaaafle\~ Is it true what they say? Do little kobolds have little wieners too? Hehehe\~" The panda started cracking himself up, taking another swig from his drink as Waffle let out a deep sigh. "I bet you got a liiiiiiiiittle pecker don't ya\~" The panda pushed, holding up his pinky to show just how little the thought of the kobold. Waffle's sighs and attempts to shrug off the panda wasn't working and the little fluffy lizard started to growl and grit his teeth before jumping off the bar stool and gesturing towards the bathroom. It was clear that Waffle was PISSED but he tried not to make too much of a scene as he raised an eyebrow, calling Jay out on his little theory. Jay looked at the angry kobold with a bit of a confused face at first before hiccuping again and standing up, doing a tipsy bow towards the bathroom to call Waffle on what he thought was a bluff. "Cmon then liiiiiiiiittle man\~" Jay teased, leaning his elbow on top of Waffle's head, only succeeding in making the kobold practically steam out of his ears as the two of them trudged to the bathroom.

Within seconds Jay's pants were down, his limp, humanoid-shaped dong hanging between his legs at a respectable 3-inch soft. The panda seemed proud of this, his hands on his hips as his member started to twitch, growing and flicking upwards to show its true size of around 5 inches. Waffle scoffed at the panda's cockiness in his cock, dropping his own shorts to show off his sheathed member. Jay looked down at the kobold and what he saw in his doubling vision was a tiny, stiff member. The panda doubled over laughing, putting a hand on Waffle's shoulder for support as he filled the bathroom with echoing laughter. Waffle growled as his member started to grow, protruding from its sheath in slow, rhythmic pulses, growing inches at a time until a soft POCK joined Jay's laughter. Eight inches long, red, and damn near as thick as Jay's forearm but the panda was too busy laughing to notice anything. Waffle's growl grew louder as his hands GRABBED the panda's face, pulling it down effortlessly to PLOP those twitching eight inches down on Jay's muzzle. "Ya look good down there SLUT\!" Waffle yelled, humping his hips at Jay's face as the panda stared, transfixed on that dick that was damn near the size of the kobold's thigh. Waffle's sack swung up to SLAP against Jay's nose, filling it with the thick, salty stench of kobold musk as the lizard gloated, idly slapping his dick against Jay's face to splatter pre into the panda's hair. Then it started to... grow? Jay's vision was already slightly distorted by the alcohol but Waffle's dick seemed to grow right in front of his face, doubling, tripling in size until Jay felt his legs lift off the floor\! He was being held up against a dick damn near the size of his whole body by just the kobold's hand\!

Waffle snickered and let Jay DROP to the tiled floor of the bar's bathroom, the panda having to look up past that now absurdly thick, twitching dick to even see Waffle's face, now plastered with an evil smile of his own. In the kobold's hand was what looked to be a toy gun with a little dial on the side. Waffle didn't even bother explaining before a HEAVY foot paw pushed Jay to the floor, pinning him on his back to the piss-smelling tiles as Waffle loomed over his new prey. "I think I like you better like this BITCH\!" Waffle gloated, his voice BOOMING in the echoing room. Jay's chest felt like it was being crushed by that foot paw, the kobold's toes splaying apart to squeeze Jay's face between them as a thunderous DRIP dropped right above the panda's head. Jay's vision spun, his thoughts racing as fast as they could as he practically sobered up instantly, his breath grew short as he struggled against the paw pinning him down, struggling and hyperventilating as he tried to make sense of the situation. Another DRIP echoed just above Jay's head, making his ears flatten to his skull as he noticed what it was, the kobold's dick was drooling pre cum already as he ground his new plaything underfoot. "Stay down whore\~" Waffle taunted as he pulled his foot off of Jay's chest, letting the panda GASP in the rancid air that lingered down there. Jay's respite wasn't long-lasting though as a loud "AAAAAAHHH\~'' filled the air mere moments before a torrential downpour of hot, flowing piss started to waterboard the poor panda. Jay struggled and wiggled, trying to find his footing as Waffle relieved himself all over the panda's body, drenching his fur in the acrid stench of kobold piss. The smell overtook the smell of Waffle's musk in Jay's nose, replacing it with an acidic bite as the taste crept into his mouth, his hands ineffectual as shields to block that fire hose level flow.

By the time the golden shower stopped and Jay had time to let out tiny, squeaking coughs, he felt a hand wrap around his torso, scooping him out of the puddle he was laying in and bringing him into a stall. Jay wiped his eyes of the stinging kobold piss, still coughing as he opened them to see a sight that made his heart DROP. Waffle's hand was almost fully wrapped around his chest, the kobold now a MASSIVE beast that looked like he could swallow him in one bite if he so pleased. But that isn't what made Jay whimper. The fact that Waffle's dick now PULSED excitedly right in front of him, its warmth radiating against his body, its smell returning to Jay's nose tenfold with the sweaty, slightly metallic smell of a kobold's cockmusk mad Jay whimper a prayer for "M-mercy?" A burst of booming laughter filled the stall, this time it was Waffle's turn to be the source, his grip TIGHTENING around Jay's chest as he lifted the shrunken little panda up to perch him on top of that dribbling cock tip. The panda squirmed and whined, trying to fight against the grip crushing the air out of him as the awkward feeling of hot pre SPURTING into his ass made him struggle harder. "I'm taking you home with me cocksleeve\~" Waffle taunted, pressing down and SQUEEZING the breath out of the fleshlight-sized panda in his palm. Jay's whines turned into a quiet little wheeze as the air was forced from his lungs. His ass BURNED with pain as it was forced to stretch wide around Waffle's tip, that spaded shape and the constant spurts of pre making it all but inevitable. POP\! Waffle let out a long groan as his grip slowly loosened up a bit, poor Jay left panting and struggling, his ass on fire as it was stretched to the point that his legs weren't even responding anymore. Tears flowed freely down the panda's face as he felt the pressure of Waffle's grip return, squeezing and slowly forcing him down to take that massive, body-sized dick\!

Two softer POPs made Jay's vision go white as his hips were forced out of the socket to make room for more dick. The panda's stomach growled and gurgled as it was filled with spurt after spurt of warm pre and hot kobold cock. Jay's arms struggled against Waffle's hand, trying to scratch and punch at those fluffy digits to no avail, only making Waffle growl louder and SLAM the little unihole of a panda down onto that dick. Jay's mouth flung open as he let out a silent scream, his hands clutching at the twitching bulge of kobold dick that pulsed freely in his chest, the poor panda feeling more of Waffle's heartbeat through that cock than his own fluttering heart's faint beats. Waffle let out a sigh as he looked down at the twitching, crying toy in his hands. The little red and black bitch was writhing and twitching in just the right way to make Waffle's knot PULSE under that overstretched ass. "Doin good so far?" The kobold teased, starting to pump his little hallowed-out tormentor over his shaft. "Don't worry\! After I squeeze my knot into you we'll be able to go home\!" Waffle continued to gloat, SLAMMING the little toy down on his knot to STRETCH that already overfilled ass. Jay's head started to dangle as his consciousness started to fade, his breath being fucked out of him with every SLAM of Waffle's hand, each one slowly stretching him further beyond his limits to take a millimeter more of that knot at a time. The feeling only returned to Jay's legs as he felt Waffle's hands GRAB them, YANKING them down with all his might to FORCE that knot deeper. Jay let out a silent cry, his lungs not able to draw any air around the dick filling his chest cavity so instead he just threw his head back with his mouth open. Waffle's yanks started to saw side to side, POPPING the joints in either of Jay's legs with each turn of direction before that final, dreaded POP forced Waffle's knot into the poor panda's body. A solid outline of that pulsing ball of flesh was clear as day through Jay's belly, the panda's open mouth being stretched further open as Waffle's tip punched its way up Jay's throat, now pulsing pre to fill the panda's mouth with that thick, salty taste.

Waffle let out a sigh as he leaned back, his hand wiping the sweat from his brow as his hips couldn't help but hump upwards, his new cock sleeve plapping around against his thighs as he tried to calm himself down. "D-don't wanna c-cum yet\~" Waffle huffed, stroking his member through Jay's whimpering, twitching, and most of all CLENCHING chest. The kobold's legs were shaky as he stood up, his cock SHOOTING pre out of Jay's semi-conscious mouth as he pulled his pants up, trapping the panda into the thick, soft but MUSKY pit of Waffle's underwear. Jay couldn't think. He couldn't breathe\! Any little huff of breath he was able to take in through his nose was so tainted with thick kobold musk that it made him even dizzier than the dick TWITCHING through his body. When Waffle started to walk it was all he could do to hold on to the slight consciousness that he had, every step jostling him around between the dense fur of Waffle's thigh and the pungent-smelling fabric of the kobold's boxers. Anybody looking at the little kobold would easily see the growing wet spot in his shorts right around his knee from where the struggling panda kept making him spurt pre but his 4-foot stature made it so nobody really looked that low. Waffle's long walk home was full of grunts and groans, his hand occasionally reaching down to SQUISH the little panda locked on his knot against his leg, rubbing and jerking himself off through his pant leg until that dick SPURT a thick load of kobold cream through Jay's lips and stained Waffle's pants with his own load. "F-fuck\~ Y-you're cleaning that later\~" Waffle groaned, trying to be threatening as his legs wobbled and twitched, only further tangling Jay up in his now cum-soaked fur.

A trail of puddles and dribbles of kobold cum followed Waffle's path home, marking his trek from the bar with the thick, off-white fluid. By the time the little lizard got inside his legs were practically falling out from under him from the pleasure of that tight little body wrapped around his knot but he finally made it inside with a huff. Waffle fell back onto the couch and had to peel off his pants and underwear, his entire leg's fur slicked down with spewed up cum from the twitching body wrapped around his dick. Jay's fur was flicked this way and that, stuck in different rubbed angles from the forced jostling inside of Waffle's pants, stuck up with the thick, drooling cum that now coated his entire body, the panda's eyes practically glued shut as his limbs hung loosely, dangling from his body. The only thing keeping him conscious was the constant pulsing pain coursing through his entire body thanks to that kobold cock. "Cmon cocksleeve\! I'm practically goin soft here\! Clench or something, I can barely feel you at this point\~" Waffle teased, one of his hands wrapping around Jay's chest to start idly pumping the disgustingly cum-coated panda on his cock. "Hell you're not even a good enough cocksleeve to keep me clean\! Did your hallowed out belly even catch any of my loads or are you really just that useless? Well that don't matter\~ I'll find a way to make you retain SOMETHING at least\~" Jay's attention was mostly focused on trying to survive the movement of that dick inside of him, even the soft strokes of Waffle's hand made every muscle in his body scream. His jaw ached, his hips were starting to lose the numbness and feel every overstretched muscle and his lungs felt like they were going to burst from the pressure of every shallow breath he took. Breaths that only made his nose burn with the stinging smell of kobold jizz.

Just as Jay's eyes started to peel open, he got to see a thin purple liner start to wrap around him. A tiny bit of air sealed off just in front of his face was the only blessing he could count as the rest of his body was wrapped in a tight, squeezing rubber of a condom. Waffle's evil snicker was muffled through the rubber but a sudden SPURT of precum made Jay realize just how terrifying the situation was. With Waffle's cocktip pushing up from the back of his throat, the panda was at risk of drowning in pre if Waffle took too long to take that condom off. Even now he could feel that twitching dick fill his mouth with more of that thick, clear fluid. Jay whined and wiggled, trying to close his mouth and swallow the pooling mouthful of pre he had already acquired. This only tightened the throat that was holding Waffle's tip, making the kobold groan and SPURT another mouthful to spew forcefully from Jay's lips, submerging the panda's head up to his jaw bone in pre. A glint of hope hit the poor panda as the pre started to drain down the gaps in the condom, leaving his bubble of stale air alone before Waffle's hand GRIPPED around him once again, sealing off all exits and making sure that Jay's time was limited in there. "Cmon slut\! Better tighten up that loose ass of yours if you don't wanna drown in pre\~ I promise I'll peel the condom off after I cum so ya gotta save at LEAST enough air to survive a few spurts\!" Waffle's voice was muffled but the higher-pitched teasing got through the rubber wall between them a bit better. Jay could only whine and try to squeeze his innards around the dick now jostling through him, trying to grip around the knot lodged in his belly as the kobold started to pick up the pace on his assisted masturbation.

The panda's eyes clenched shut once more as the level of pre in his little space now only let his little nose poke free of the surface. Every huff Jay was able to take in smelled like the stale scent of kobold pre and it made him sick. That or it was Waffle's violent stroking of the dick PULSING through his entire body. His attempts at clenching around Waffle's member left Jay feeling drained and limp, his body giving out on him after all the abuse but with all the adrenaline gone the poor panda could feel EVERYTHING. Every pulse, every stroke, every time Waffle tightened his grip, even the dreadful feeling of that knot lodged inside of him slowly coming loose. The sweet release of unconsciousness lingered just in front of Jay's thoughts, the pain in his body preventing him from fully passing out before the blackness of his closed eyes was instantly FLASHED white. Waffle let out a deafening moan as he finally POPPED that overly thick knot free of his new cock sleeve, only to SLAMPOP\! it right back in. Jay's head fell limp, submerging itself in the puddle of kobold pre that was his breathing space as that knot POPPED out once more. The panda finally felt the sweet embrace of passing out just as the now familiar feeling of Waffle's dick PULSING thick ropes of potent kobold seed straight through his body ended with his maw overflowing with the thick brew. Waffle felt his broken toy finally give out but he was too deep in orgasm to care. The kobold stood up and jerked fervently, humping his own hands as he spurt what had to be the dozenth load through Jay's pathetic body, filling and ballooning the condom up with rope after rope of seed. When he finally finished unloading the condom held around a liter of kobold jizz, by far the most productive load of the night. Waffle smiled as he carefully pulled his cock and by extension Jay out of that rubber prison, SHLOOOORPing himself free to fall back to the couch with a huff. He tied off the condom and pulled Jay's limp body off of his dick, giggling at the sorry state of the now fully cum-coated panda, seeing the little bubbles of breath pop from his muzzle only made Waffle's smile grow wider, knowing that his little toy was still alive. "I'm gunna take a shower now to remove this filth but I think it looks good on you TOY\!" Waffle snickered as he dropped the unconscious panda with a SPLAT to the table right next to the condom that was almost bigger than him.

By the time Jay woke back up his head was still pounding with the pain of the night before but as he opened his eyes he saw the interior of a room\! Normally this would be considered average but after last night it was odd to be inside of a room that was proportionate to him. Initial thoughts of 'Was it all a dream? Did I just have a rough night?' ran through Jay's head as he groggily sat up. A sharp, spiking pain shot through his body, reminding him that until a few hours ago he was wrapped around an oversized kobold's dick. Jay fell back with a SPLAT and a bit of a crunch, his fur coated in half-dried cum as he stared up at the ceiling. Things started to fall into place in his head, the room he was in was obviously a scaled-down building, the beams of exposed balsa telling the poor little panda that he was still stuck in his tiny form. With a groan and a few winces, Jay sat up again, his fur crackling and sticking at awkward angles. Observing the room made the panda whimper softly to himself. He was alone in a model house's upper-story room, the only thing accompanying him was a condom as big as his body, filled to the brim with what was undoubtedly Waffle's cum, and a thumbtack which considering Jay's current size was around the size of a short sword. A loud gurgle and a sharp pang made the panda realize just how hungry he was. He hadn't eaten since yesterday and his body was currently burning every spare calorie to try and repair his aching, twitching muscles. On the wall next to the condom there was a note, scribbled with a sharpie. It was just a post-it note but to Jay right now it could have been a full-sized poster. The words on it made Jay's heart sink as he read them "If ya don't want to starve you better start drinking ;)" Jay shuttered with the implication but with another gurgle of his belly he let out a sigh, knowing what he had to do. The practically crippled panda dragged his way over to the thumbtack, his legs not letting him walk as he let out a pathetic whimper, pressing the tiny steel sword in his hands to the surface of the condom and pressing with the remainder of his might.

A small hole punctured that rubber, not even able to leak that thick fluid with the tack still in place, the condom wobbling with an unsettling slosh as Jay finally YANKED that pin free. A SPURT of seed started to GLUG GLUG GLUG out of the condom, the elastic of the rubber trying to deflate forcing out even that thick sludge. The smell hit Jay's nose and made him scrunch his face up in a wince. His fur smelled like the same cum but something about a more well-preserved version of that batter stung his nose, but he had no choice. With a groan Jay pressed his muzzle to the hole he created, his mouth getting SPURT into and filled from the pressure of his face and hands pressing against the rubber. A few more glugs of that thick seed flowed into and from Jay's maw as the overwhelming taste made him second guess his need to eat but a painful grumbling in his belly made him GULP down that mouthful, shuddering at the implications of having to feed on such a dirty source to live. Even so, his body demanded more, needing the protein and calories to help heal his broken body so gulp and glug he did, his hands having to press against that sloshing rubber to give him a few more spurts to gulp down, wanting to get his 'Feeding' over as fast as he could. Just as he was about done Jay felt the model house he was in tremble and shake, rhythmic, heavy footfalls making him fall back into the puddle of spilled seed from his 'meal'. As he looked around he saw an eye peering in from the window, that eye slowly drawing back so that Jay could see Waffle's smirk-painted face.

"Rise and shine cock sleeve\!" The kobold snickered, effortlessly removing the roof of the house Jay was trapped in. The panda gripped the thumbtack he was given and pointed it towards the giant kobold, thrusting it upwards from where he laid on the floor. "G-get back\!" Jay tried to yell, his voice higher and squeaking out, only making the kobold giggle. "So you wanna be feisty hmm? Guess I'll have to FLUSH you out huh slut\!" Waffle smirked, his hand reaching down as he got up on his tippy toes, flopping his semi-hard member over the roofless walls, just out of reach of Jay and his weapon. "Last chance to come willingly\~" Waffle mused, swinging his cock side to side, letting little dribbles of pre splat onto the floor around the tack-waving panda. "N-NO\! G-GO AWAY\!" Jay tried to sound tough, knowing his only weapon against the monstrously sized kobold could only hurt him and not cause any damage enough to save him. Waffle smirked at this attempt at resistance, grabbing both of his hands around his member and smiling as if he knew Jay would try to resist like this. "I warned ya\~" Waffle let out a long sigh as a POWERFUL jet sprayed Jay flat against the floor, his hands coming up to try and defend himself as the pressure from that acrid jet knocked the tack out of his hands. Between the gasps and gargles that he let out and the constant FWSSSHHHHH of Waffle's stream, Jay could hear the kobold snickering at him. On the bright side that powerful stream of thinner liquid no matter how disgusting managed to wash off some of the less solidified cum from Jay's fur giving his coat more sponginess to absorb that caustic stream. By the time Waffle moved that pressure washer off of him Jay could only GASP in a breath, having to wiggle and sit upright in order to be above the 'water' level. Waffle continued to fill that tiny model house until Jay's hips were fully submerged, spreading that hose of a dick around to make sure Jay got splashed by the brew, the panda's nose filling with yet another stench that burned his senses. By the time he was done Jay was sitting in a few inches of acrid piss, the wafting ammonia making him lightheaded and making his nose wrinkle. Waffle then grabbed the sides of the little house and TIPPED the whole structure, creating a tidal wave to crash over Jay's already exhausted body. Without the energy to fight the panda was washed aside and out of the little house's door, gasping in a puddle of kobold piss with its provider standing over him, letting those last dribbles fall into Jay's gasping maw to further violate the poor panda.

The panda laid back and groaned, coughing up the kobold piss burning his lungs, slowly opening his eyes to see his tormentor looming above him, that gut-stretching dick pulsing between the two of them, making Jay squirm, trying to escape his fate only to get that fat, body-sized dick SLAPPED onto his chest, knocking the breath out of the panda, pinning him under its twitching length. Waffle pressed a finger down on his tip, squishing that stiffening flesh against Jay's chest, the smell of that unsheathed dick making Jay's head spin as if when Waffle showered last night he made SURE not to wash his cock. "Daww cmon little toy\! We're goin out on a date\! The least you can do is give it a kiss\~" Waffle teased as his other hand reached down, scooping a finger under Jay's head to press the panda's muzzle against his tip, letting the final dribbles of his earlier relief smush and slather all over Jay's face. Jay wiggled and struggled at first, his face being smushed against the cock tip that was as big as his head. Feeling that gargantuan member PULSE against his body made him squirm, wondering HOW he even fit the entire thing in his body the night before. "Cmon toy I ain't got all day\! Give it a kiss and wrap your legs around my knot already\! After the effort it went through to get you your breakfast it's the LEAST you can do to show appreciation to your new boyfriend\!" Waffle teased, lowering his weight to crush the panda under the pressure of his package, that cock tip spurting a thick glob of pre onto Jay's face to mix with the piss and dried cum already soaked into his fur. Jay groaned and relented, wrapping his legs around the base of Waffle's knot and laying a reluctant smooch on the kobold's tip, only getting another SPURT of pre in his face as a reward. "Try to clench your legs and make sure you keep givin your boyfriend those little smooches\~ I gotta run some errands so you two will be spending the day together\!"

Waffle's hand grabbed under Jay's back, squeezing him to that twitching cock and lifting the two of them up. The kobold walked casually and grabbed a pair of underwear, pulling it up to SNAP the waistband right above Jay's head, trapping him in the quickly warming musk pit of Waffle's undies. The panda groaned and tried to relax his grip, sliding down Waffle's shaft a bit and getting a firm PRESS of Waffle's hand against his back for the attempted relaxation. The kobold snickered and opened the waistband of his undies, staring down at the pathetic little panda clinging to his dick with a smile. "You better hold on tight little toy\~ If you fall out I'll make sure that loose little ass of yours holds you to my knot all day instead\! Keep up those whimpers too, don't want me goin soft on ya\!" Another SNAP rung in Jay's ears as he clutched the twitching monstrosity that he had to share his fabric prison. The hand pressing him to the underside of that shaft slowly let go as he felt another layer of clothing trap him into the instant sauna that was those shorts. Jay panted heavily, his chest heaving as his exhausted arms had to hold onto that pulsing kobold dick. The smell of Waffle's musk and the lack of fresh air made Jay's head spin, constantly making Waffle remind him of his job with a firm hand PRESSING to the front of his shorts, once again snapping that panda back into smooching and squeezing his 'Boyfriend' making him lick, smooch and whimper as his face was sullied with more of that thick pre.

Waffle must have had a million and one things to do that day because Jay must have spent HOURS clinging to that dick, his fur growing heavy as Waffle's crotch sweat aerated and stuck to what little dry spots he had left, saturating him in a trifecta of stenches all courtesy of Waffle's dick. The smell of cum, piss, and musk all fused together into the most pungent, pure masculine scent Jay had ever experienced. The sheer testosterone and sweat assaulting his nose reminded him of an all-male gym's locker room and as much as he hated to admit it, it was making Jay hard as a rock. The panda's whimpers slowly turned into groans as the intoxicating kobold musk slowly became less and less offensive to his nose, his tongue dragging itself around that fat cock tip to savor any and every salty flavor that it gifted him. Waffle's small stature made his legs take small, quick strides, constantly causing friction and warmth to radiate from that well-packed crotch, Jay's own sweat paling in comparison to the intoxicating stench of Waffle's much more potent smell. Waffle eventually sat down, letting his little legs rest. Jay barely noticed the change, his brain only able to process one thing at a time, and right now it was focused on making out with his new, pulsing, drooling, and stinky boyfriend.

A beam of light made Jay's eyes squeeze shut, his hand finally leaving the warm, pulsing flesh of that kobold dick to shield his eyes as Waffle pulled his waistband up. The kobold's teeth were on display as a smile split his head from ear to ear, staring down at the little cock ordainment that was so fervently worshiping him. "Spin yourself around toy\~ Give my knot a lil bit of love while your down there, you can make out with my tip some more when we get home\~" Waffle whispered, keeping his voice low and rolling his hips ever so slightly. Jay looked up at the kobold and tilted his head, barely recognizing the big fluffy lizard as the owner of the dick he had been making out with for the past few hours, so entranced and addled by that cock musk that his brain couldn't connect the two. He listened though, slowly turning himself upside down so that his cum-coated tail and legs wrapped around that dribbling tip, his arms hugging and not quite reaching all the way around that fat knot that pulsed against his cheek. The beams of light coming through Waffle's pulled-open waistband vanished as the SNAP of the elastic sent Jay back into that potent sauna of stench. Now with his head dangling upside-down and pressed against that knot with the heavy, twitching nuts of his captor dangling so close Jay's head spun faster, drinking in the much more potent smell down here. So much stronger, so much more manly, so worthy of worship\! Jay groaned and whined, licking and laying small licks all over that oversized bodypillow of a dick, savoring the most delicious taste on the underside of that knot, filling his mouth with cocksweat before swallowing down with a moan and a hump, grinding his tiny little shaft against that gargantuan kobold endowment. The panda couldn't even feel his own exhaustion at this point, his muscles invigorated and squeezing tightly around his 'boyfriend' as he fell into a fevered stint of lust, unable to control himself as his little prick spurt and splattered a pathetic stain on the underside of Waffle's member.

As if he felt the fevered lust of the little cock jewelry he was wearing, Waffle's hand reached down to PRESS Jay's body against the underside of his cock, smushing the little panda's face into the opening of his sheath to flood the panda's nose with pure, unrestrained musk, melting his mind as the heavy, rhythmic pulses of Jay's 'boyfriend' started to coat the two of them in a fresh, hot flood of kobold seed. Jay let out a whorish moans, feeling that warm, thick spooge drool over his body inch by inch, coating him in yet another layer of seed to add to the implanted scent of kobold filth that stuck to every inch of his body. The panda wasn't focused on that though, his brain only allowing him to think of the taste of that seed that was slowly drooling itself closer down to his head, he knew the taste was going to send him into a fit of euphoria and couldn't wait to feel that tantalizing sludge hit his tongue. That is until the light of day was again returned to the panda's eyes, a sharp pain at the base of his tail stinging him and snapping him into an almost conscious state as he was held upside-down in front of a very angry-looking kobold face. Globs of that seed fell from his body and splatted to the table below him. They were back at Waffle's house it seemed and the kobold was PISSED. "You couldn't calm down long enough for us to get home COULD ya slut?\! You just HAAAAD to suck on my knot until I came didn't ya? Well if ya like it so much why don't ya just..." The anger on Waffle's face was overwritten by a wide smirk as he dropped Jay to the table with a SPLAT, that fresh coat of cum splatting out and breaking the panda's 2-foot fall. The slightly fresh air around him made Jay's head slowly start to remember that he was more than just a brain-dead muskhuffer, his eyes blinking as he watched Waffle take off those cum-soaked undies and toss them onto the table with another SPLAT. "I have to go get something toy, Lunch is right over there since you wanted to make a mess\~ Now I expect those to be perfectly clean by the time I get back\!"

Just as Jay's brain started to work again the billowing smell and heat from those undies made his knees clench together. The panda groaned and crawled over, his hands sloshing into that thick puddle of a cum stain. The broken little toy panted heavily as he stared down at that thick, slowly drooling, slowly spreading 'food' puddle. A part of his brain told him not to even think about cleaning that soiled fabric, another part told him that Waffle would punish him if he didn't but the loudest voice in his head was the one making him draw in long sniffs of the radiating musk from those sweaty undergarments and that voice told him to drink. Before he even knew it Jay's face was lowered, his tongue dragging itself in that thick slop to coat itself with the thick, pungently salty taste of kobold seed. Jay's entire body shuddered, the parts of his head arguing whether he should or shouldn't indulge in the pool of seed in front of him instantly shut up, the musk-drunk sluttyness taking over as he lapped and licked at the soiled fabric, blacking in and out of conscious thought as he was reduced to nothing more than a cum slut. By the time Waffle came back into the room, Jay was suckling on the sweat-stained fabric of those undies, not a drop of cum left beside the donations the panda's own cock had made. Waffle whistled, impressed at the slut's dedication, be it willing or brainwashed. "Such a good little toy\! Ready for your wedding?" Waffle's words made Jay's head pick up, staring up at the kobold standing next to the table. The little grey fluffball was wearing a snazzy-looking tux or at least the top to one. The kobold's cock was still fully out in the air, plapped onto the coffee table that Jay was kneeling on and Jay noticed something new about his 'boyfriend'. The kobold was wearing a solid gold ring right behind his knot, a small chain, not even 6 inches long dangled from a coupling that ended with another golden ring... One that looked perfectly sized to fit around Jay's throat with room enough for Waffle to bulge it out. "I figured I'd put a ring around your throat since you love my dick so much given all those kisses earlier\~ But I need you to feel tighter than your wrecked little throat can handle so I made sure it's nice and TIGHT\!"

Jay's eyes blinked slowly, neither of them able to fully open due to the weight of fresh cum, dried cum, and piss soaking into his fur. The panda only understood what was going on when Waffle's hand wrapped around his chest, picking him up with ease and bringing him downstairs. Jay held onto that kobold's stubby little fingers as his legs dangled under that pinky. Jay's breath was short and wheezing due to the hard grip of his 'escort', his body being waved side to side due to Waffle's swaying, wobbly steps from having to walk with a hard-on. The fresh air slowly made Jay's head clear, his thoughts slowly returning to his brain as it shook off the cum-drunk haze, the sight of the full village of miniature houses. The one he stayed in this morning was still roofless, a puddle of piss flooded into the street where Jay was washed out earlier, the building absorbing a bit of the fluid but still standing among the row of similar houses on the street. A small altar had been erected, a little pavilion raised and little seats filled with PEOPLE\! At first, Jay thought they were dolls, little fidgeting things that were no taller than Jay. Probably Waffle's toys that he had overused and gotten sick of already\! All of them had surprisingly strong builds, bodies wrapped with lean muscle from a diet of pure protein, probably all supplied by the dumb cock that Waffle kept calling Jay's boyfriend\! A slight rage started to build in Jay's chest, his hands trying to claw at Waffle's fingers to little avail. The kobold set little Jay down at the altar, conveniently placed at the edge of the mini town so that Waffle could lay his cock down in place of a groom. The kobold snickered and gave his hips a little thrust, wobbling the double-wide table and drawing a gasp from the gathered crowd from the proportional earthquake that rocked their little simulated world. Jay caught the brunt of that shaking, falling to his hands and knees, the soreness of his legs returning as the drunkenness faded, his chin catching on the warm, twitching tip of Waffle's dick.

The kobold chuckled and used only a finger to PRESS Jay's face against the drooling slit of that cock, threatening to press the panda's muzzle into his cockslit as a 'kiss'. "And with that, they're happily married\!" Waffle teased, humping against the table again to draw gasps and nervous claps and cheers from the gathered crowd. "Now all you have to do is get that ring around your neck and it'll be official\! So open that slacked jaw of yours and start sucking so I can latch your ring on\!" Waffle's finger pulled back from Jay's head, letting the panda pull his muzzle free and GASP in a breath, coughing as he stared at the dick in front of him as well as his new 'husband'. The panda stood up, defiantly crossing his arms and turning his head away. That was IT, he thought, he would draw the line here and MAKE Waffle turn him back to normal size and then give him what for\! Jay's final spark of defiance was broken as Waffle SLAMMED his fist down onto the table, crushing a couple of empty chairs and making the entire 'town' shake, the onlookers gasping and running for cover, shouting little squeaks of "JUST DO IT ALREADY\!" Waffle stared down at his dick's husband, the kobold's arms crossed and his tapping foot causing small tremors in the town. Jay gulped and looked around, knowing that he either had to break his jaw and satisfy Waffle's perverted needs or watch this little model town get crushed and destroyed along with everyone in it\! The panda steeled his resolve, letting out a sigh and opening his maw as WIDE as he could, grabbing both of his hands around the base of that cock tip and SHOVING the inch that he could into his mouth. Waffle smiled and teased, reaching down to grab the ring that would be tying Jay to his cock for the foreseeable future, pulling its chain to the max to show just how much further Jay had to push himself.

The familiar taste of salty kobold dick filled Jay's maw yet again, the disgusting, borderline fermented taste of that bitingly salty dick made Jay's muzzle wrinkle and his throat GAG, knowing that once that ring was on he was going to be stuck with this taste for as long as he was conscious. "Little more toy\! Either you get down to the ring that I BOUGHT FOR YOU or I can just eat you whole and feel you whither away in my belly\!" The kobold's hand pressed behind Jay's head, not letting him pull away but not helping him forward. The panda's legs started to give out as the lack of fresh air getting to his brain started to numb him again, hopefully, it would be enough to spare him the pain of dislocating his POP\! Tears streamed down Jay's face as his jay popped out of place, Waffle's hand giving him a helping 'nudge' to fully lodge that stinking cock's tip into his maw, the constant spurts of pre drooling from it now lubing up his aching throat as it was stretched open. That golden ring was now inches away from Jay's bulging throat, the max length of that chain telling the poor panda that while he wore his wedding ring he wouldn't be able to get more than the faintest of breaths in through his nose as that kobold's fat dick would be clogging most of his throat. Jay groaned and closed his eyes, slowly coming to terms with his fate before a loud SLAM was heard upstairs. Everyone present froze, and the cowering micros all started to chuckle and snicker, sulking off to their homes as Jay was left in the dark yet again. Jay pulled away as Waffle's hand lost all force, the panda staring up at his captor in confusion as Waffle's face only showed fear. The kobold started violently getting undressed, pulling off his top-half-tux and stuffing it into a corner to hide it. The kobold looked around frantically, his little hands grabbing paper towels to clean off the mess he made all while footsteps upstairs grew louder and closer to the basement door.

"WAFFLE?\!" A booming, deep but slightly feminine voice echoed through the house, shaking the very foundation of the building and sending tremors through the tiny town. Waffle even let out an involuntary "EEP\!" as he scrambled to get everything looking right, leaving Jay in complete confusion, staring up at the proportional giant as they clambered around in a frantic tizzy. The sounds of heavy footsteps started to trudge down the stairs, Jay only getting to see a pair of digitigrade feet before Waffle's hand grabbed him around the chest yet again. The kobold looked panicked and it was easy to tell how fast his heart was racing as he looked around, trying to find a place to hide the panda. With those footfalls coming closer, a pair of MASSIVE thighs coming into view in the stairwell Waffle gulped, shoving Jay into his maw in a fit of desperation. Jay let out a silenced squeak as he was shoved into the warm, wet muzzle of that panicked kobold, the panda being pushed upwards by a thick, wiggling tongue as his whole body was lifted upwards in it's slimy cage, the sound of Waffle trying to swallow him accompanying his slow, flailing slide towards the dark pit in the back of the kobold's throat. Jay's life flashed before his eyes as his arms and legs tried to find purchase on anything, slipping and sliding around Waffle's maw before a loud GARLK\! left the kobold's maw, locking Jay with his hips stuck in Waffle's clenching throat as the kobold gagged on the taste of his attempted meal. After the days of abuse the panda tasted SO much worse than he smelled, the taste of his own stale cum and piss filling Waffle's mouth as his eyes started to water, unable to tilt his head back to try again now that SHE had finished coming down the stairs.

A MASSIVE lemon shark stood in front of Waffle, her powerful arms crossed across her wide chest, a scowl in her eyes as she GLARED down to the little kobold in front of her. At Waffle's height looking straight forward at the massive woman would put his eye level right below her armor-like abs, the kobold trying to avoid eye contact only to find himself staring at something that made his heart skip. Kira, the shark in question was wearing nothing but a jockstrap downstairs, the perfectly preserved outline of her package traceable in the fabric as her soft, sweat dappled equine shaped dick dangled free from one of the leg holes. Waffle's jaw would have dropped to the floor if he weren't trying to hide the foul tasting panda in his maw, his breathing focused through his nose to draw in the deep, humid smell of Kira's post workout musk. "You know you're not allowed down here Waffle\! What do you have to say for yourself?" The shark growled, reaching her hand down to GRIP around Waffle's throat, halting his second attempt to swallow Jay with another GRLK\! "You messed up one of the houses, the basement smells like kobold piss AND I KNOW you used the shrink ray while I was gone\! WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SAY FOR YOURSELF?\!" She bellowed, making Waffle whimper and close his eyes, afraid of the sheer power that Kira represented. Jay heard the shark's words loud and clear from within his wet, humid prison, a smile growing on the panda's lips as he heard Waffle get chewed out, the mighty kobold that had been tormenting him now reduced to nothing in less than a minute. Jay's little snicker didn't go unpunished though as Waffle's throat GRABBED at his legs, pulling him down to his underarms into the kobold's gullet. Waffle had no words for Kira, his maw preoccupied with keeping Jay quiet, so his hands tried to do the job. The kobold waved his hands around, seemingly randomly in the highest stakes charades game he had ever played. Kira could make nothing of the gestures and waves, her anger only growing at Waffle wasted more and more of her time.

"Fuck it\! It's about time I feed the townsfolk anyway\~ Can't have them surviving off of kobold jizz... not what they payed for." She mumbled under her breath, dropping Waffle to the ground on his butt with a THUMP. The force made Jay once again slide out of Waffle's throat, the kobold's GASP for air keeping him stuck in that maw though even with the sight of the outside so tantalizingly close the pressure from Waffle's gasp kept him from crawling free. Jay's hands found purchase on Waffle's teeth, grabbing on and holding for dear life as the kobold's tongue tried to wrestle him down, constantly tasting that foul fermented panda made Waffle's expression go sour but it was better than what would happen if Kira had PROOF of him using the shrink ray. While Waffle wrestled with the panda in his maw Kira idly got undressed, pulling a condom that had to be as thick as a large coffee mug out of a drawer. With condom in one hand and her wadded up jockstrap in the other, Kira LOOMED over the still sitting kobold, her cock slowly twitching to life, drooling out of that sweaty, folded sheath as it thickened with every pulse, growing to a fat 20 inches of horsecock. "Ass or throat sweetie?" Was all she asked, a sinister smile growing on her face as she asked the kobold to choose his fate. Waffle's heart stopped. He couldn't open his mouth to argue, he couldn't make the choice with his words and if she chose to fuck his throat she would find Jay struggling in his maw. With a heavy sigh through his nose the kobold turned around, pressing his chest down to the cold cement floor and raising his ass towards the shark. "Brave today are we?\!" Kira growled, not giving Waffle a second chance to think as her blunt cock head pressed between his fluffy little cheeks.

Waffle had one last chance to fish Jay out of his maw while she was distracted with putting the condom on and lubing up. The kobold opened his mouth to try and reach his hand in, trying to break Jay's grip on his teeth only for one of Kira's hands to grab around both of his wrists, collecting them together in one grip and SLAMMING them together behind his back. Jay saw the chance for escape, Waffle's mouth was open, his hands were nowhere to be seen and his tongue wasn't strong enough alone to swallow him\! Just as Jay was about to crawl to his freedom a HEAVY stench filled his lungs. Waffle couldn't help but groan as Kira strapped her used jock over his muzzle, trapping the panda into a SAUNA of shark musk that was SO much more potent than anything Waffle could ever produce. Jay's whole body went limp, the wet, wiggling tongue under him starting to feel less like an enemy and more like something to grind the raging hard-on he just got against. Waffle's eyes watered from the smell, his senses overloaded by the pungent tasting panda now humping against his tongue and the purely masculine stench forcing its way into his nose, burning his nostrils with the scent he couldn't quite get enough of. Jay's hands still limply hung onto Waffle's teeth, his body being pulled back as he watched Waffle's lips purse, sucking on that sweat-saturated fabric to fill both of their senses with that delicious scent. Kira felt the kobold's body go limp from her scent, knowing the boy's weakness for her gym musk after so many times of catching him passed out, musk drunk in her gym bag. Waffle barely even reacted as that rubber-wrapped cock tip pressed between his cheeks once again, the cool slickness of lube helping as much as it can to prepare him.

AAAAaaah\! Waffle's eyes suddenly lit back up, his hazy vision and thoughts leaving as he was SPEARED with a dick as thick as one of his plump little thighs. The kobold's vision went white for a bit as his fists clenched behind his back, still held in place by the shark's iron grip. Every sense Waffle had went haywire, his tongue tasting every separate part of the toxic cocktail that was Jay's fur at this point, his nose drinking in every ounce of that salty gym sweat and his ass SCREAMING out to him in pain as he was violently stretched open by Kira's blunt cockhead. "Shhhh little one\~ Just LET nnng\~ ME\! Mmmmmf\~ IN\!" The shark growled, her chest leaning forward to press the kobold's chin down onto the cement, the cold floor and her warm tits fully encompassing his head as every thrust was emphasized, sinking inch after inch of dick into his gut to bulge out his belly with her perfectly defined shape. Swallowing Jay was getting to be impossible as every THRUST that those powerful hips behind him delivered made Waffle's stomach jump up into his throat, his body being rearranged for Kira's pleasure. Waffle had no choice but to succumb to her power, her dick slowly pressing itself past his best defenses to start PULSING deep in his chest, her flare growing in width with every twitch of that oversized dick making the poor kobold's lungs forcibly inhale and exhale with the beat of her heart. Waffle's head was starting to spin as the shallow breaths he was taking started to take their toll with each one being full of a full day's worth of crotch sweat. The kobold's maw hung open as his head flopped to its side, panting as best he could with his body being CRUSHED under each rhythmic thrust of Kira's body. At this point, even Jay could feel the powerful thrusts rocking the kobold's very being but in his musk drunk state, the panda thought of them only as a natural force, like waves crashing on a beach. The panda's mind was soo addled from the insane couple of days he had lived through that his body started to take over, humping against Waffle's tongue either out of revenge or desperate need, ending up shooting what little of a load he could muster inside of the kobold's mouth before giggling to himself, having taken 'revenge'.

Just as Waffle was about to chomp down on Jay for his defiant actions, Kira's hand PRESSED onto the side of the kobold's face, lifting her body up and squishing the poor lizard to the floor, forcing his maw to stay open for just a bit longer as her most VIOLENT thrusts started to ravage his body. SLAM SLAM SLAM\! The table next to them started to quake as the onlooking town of tinnies witnessed Waffle get PUNISHED for his earlier cockiness. But the punishment was just starting. Kira threw her head back and let out a MOAN, her hips SLAPPING forward as she hilted herself within the tiny kobold she was using, her leathery, grapefruit-sized nuts SLAMMING into Waffle's ass with enough force to swing up and CLAP against his own pair. The kobold's eyes went white for a moment as his cock PULSED, shooting a load all over the floor under him, his legs twitching and his ass CLENCHING as he felt Kira start to unload her own within him. That condom FLOODED with seed fast enough for the flimsy rubber to audibly POP within the little kobold cocksleeve she was using but she was too busy experiencing the throws of orgasm to care. Waffle's body convulses as he felt those warm ropes travel up every inch of her cock, flooding his belly like a water balloon before even he couldn't contain it. Jay's half-conscious state was broken as a FLOOD of seed poured out from Waffle's throat, sending him to SPLATTER against the jock strap blocking the kobold's maw. Pulse after pulse, rope after rope Waffle felt every ounce of that thick, overly salty shark batter flood straight through his body and Jay felt it crash against him like the tidal waves his mind had imagined. After a few of those high-pressure PUMPS, Jay finally felt something give as he was forced to slide halfway across the room on the now detached, cum DRENCHED jockstrap. The panda fought to surface through the puddle of thick, almost glue-like jizz he was buried in, GASPING in a breath as his head finally broke free. From here he got to see Waffle, doubled over, belly inflated and maw spewing. Bits of broken rubber were scattered in the cone of seed leading from Waffle's mouth and Jay couldn't help but snicker as he saw the kobold get what he deserved.

Kira must have heard him snickering though as not soon after Waffle was done puking up seed Jay saw the gargantuan shark stand. Waffle at first was lifted with her, dangling by her massive flare lodged in his chest but as she took her first step across the room the kobold started to SLIIIIIIDE down her shaft before SPLATTING face first into a puddle of the puked-up shark-seed. Kira's figure loomed over where Jay stood, over six times bigger than the little panda with a swaying, cum soaked dick that looked as big as a bus from this angle. Jay gulped a bit and sunk into the puddle he was standing in. Kira snickered as she scooped him up. "You must be who he used that ray on huh?" She asked, her voice gentle and almost motherly for the first time since Jay met her. "Don't worry sweetie, we'll get you cleaned up\~" With little other words Kira took the little panda upstairs, the sight of the doubled-over Waffle slowly gaining consciousness and starting to lick up the 'mess he had made' brought a smile to Jay's face for the first time in the past couple days. After a quick rinse in the sink for both Jay AND that gargantuan dick that Kira called hers, the shark smiled and scooped up the panda once more. The only thing that worried Jay was that despite the shark acting nice and even giving him a terrifying but kind smooch... She hadn't gone soft yet. Jay couldn't help but keep his gaze on that dangling bus of a cock, his mind running a mile a minute until Kira pulled out two little golden chains. She attached them around Jay's ankles and his wrists, two separate links, as the panda watched in confusion and curiosity. A sinister smile then spread to Kira's face as she lowered the hand she was holding Jay in, gripping around him as she fiddled with the chains, wrapping them around her cock and YANKING them tight. Jay's wrists were the first to be pulled over that bulbous flare, his chest SQUISHING against the underside of Kira's cock, feeling her pulse as she slid his ankle chain to make his whole body press against that dick. It still smelled like the puddle of cum he was wading in a few minutes ago, but as he slowly slid down her length so that his head was mere millimeters away from her heavy, clenching nuts he could smell the thick, fresh musk radiating from her sheath. Jay whimpered as he heard that dick beat against his entire body for he could also hear an audible CHURN from her heavy, hanging nuts a few inches under him. "There we go sweetie\~ Nice and safe now\~ From now on you'll have front row seats whenever I punish Waffle AND front row seats when I go to the gym\~ Try to kiss and lick when you can, I don't know how long you'll be able to survive in my sheath if I go soft\!" Her warning sparked action in Jay immediately, his tongue lapping at the thick, leathery flesh of that pulsing meat slab, his hands trying to squeeze around its girth that he couldn't even wrap around, whining as loud as he could and every now and then turning his head up to see the dark pit of folds in her sheath that he knew he was going to end up in if he failed at keeping her hard. "Good boy\~" 