The Con floor was alight with chatter and life, people meeting friends for the first time in person, others standing awestruck after meeting their favorite artists in real life, and others still taking pictures of merch, people, stands and everything else they could fit into their camera screen. While everyone else was having a blast, Jay was sitting behind his booth, locked away in a far corner of the Dealer’s Den because of his procrastination in grabbing a spot. The little red panda had made quite a name for himself through his desires for giant women and worldbuilding. A few thousand pages of written works, a few dozen comics and hundreds of pictures all commissioned through artists and authors he met and hoarded like a dragon. Yet, despite his large and growing online presence, this was the panda’s first time ever setting up a stall at a convention, something he was starting to regret. The little orangish-redish, black-striped fluffball was adorable by any means of the word yet most of the things he commissioned for his world, The Sinverse, was about him or people like him getting BRUTALLY used by massive ladies with even bigger dicks. The panda flipped through one of the comics he had printed out for sale, pictures and stories he had seen and read thousands of times before and yet they still made his pants tight.

Comics weren’t the only thing Jay had for sale at his stall. Oversized body pillows, some of the giantesses of his world, some of just their dicks but still the size of a normal body pillow, as well as little stuffed plushies of recurring characters from his world. Of course the one that he liked the most was a plushy version of himself, a little bigger than 2 feet tall, plump and soft. Jay went out of his way to get the best plushie makers he could find to make his merch, one of his hands idly petting through the absurdly soft fur that coated the mini version of himself. Seeing as nobody was coming over to his little corner of the floor, Jay picked up the little plush and held it up under its arms. Naturally, the first thought that came to the panda’s mind was something dirty, thinking about how this is how the smaller of his giant ladies would feel when they picked him up. Soft, beautiful fur just waiting to get ruined with cum, a plump little butt ready to get torn apart and molded into the shape of their girth, that cute little sewed on smile and joy-filled eyes that would look so much better twisted into an expression of terror. The plushies had some heft to them too, bean-bag style filling on the bottom made the cute little Jay replica sit perfectly when you sat him down, his stubby little legs sticking out, his little arms a perfect comparison to how Jay always had himself portrayed, weak and small, unable to put up any kind of fight.

As Jay stood there holding a cute, shortstack-ified version of himself, lost in his own perverted thoughts, a shadow cast over him. “HOLY SHIT JAY?! YOOO! I fuckin love the stuff you get man! The size diff, the constant use of the word “Toy” all that shit!” Standing in front of the booth, almost a foot taller than Jay’s average height frame was a pitch black cat with a gleaming ivory smile. The cat wore a little beanie that added a few inches to his perceived height, his curly, untamed hair fluffing up the little beanie even more and with Jay’s mind where it was, the big cat made him stop and stare for a bit. The cat didn’t seem to phased, his eyes lighting up as he saw the collection of little Jay plushies, scooping one up and making a loud squee. “HOLY SHIT THESE ARE SO CUTE!” The cat turned the thing over and around, checking it all around and spending a few moments staring at the plushie’s underside, his shoulders sinking as if he was disappointed for a moment but it didn’t seem to phase him too much.

“Hey, so I’m trying to save as much money as I can today but I REALLY want one of these, it’s so cute and small! Reminds me of a few of the stories you got, probably makes a good Dog Toy huh?” The cat chuckled and took his backpack off, setting it down and rummaging around in it, his smile fading to an annoyed look as he seemed to be missing something. “Fuuuuck, I have a sketchbook that I brought with me and I was wondering if you would accept like an art trade for the plushie or something but I think I left it in my room. Would you mind if I go and grab it? My name’s Sushi, maybe you can look me up?” Jay wasn’t really able to stop his bewilderment, being caught off guard by the big cat time and time again, his mouth wordlessly fumbling around as the excited cat rambled on. From the initial surprise, to the comment about Dog Toys, to the cat emptying his backpack and placing down a fleshlight on the panda’s table, the panda’s eyes couldn’t help but stare down at the cat’s crotch, a fat dick outline snaking down his right leg, a wet spot in the cat’s sweatpants. ‘Was he getting hard just from meeting him?’

As Jay struggled to find the words to respond, Sushi didn’t really notice the awkward silence, he was too busy staring at the plushie he wanted, biting his lower lip as he thought of what he could do with a little replica of Jay. The panda was known in his comics and his stories for taking dicks the size of his body and a little two foot plush would be PERFECT for Sushi to reenact that. The cat wasn’t exactly good at hiding the fact that he was PACKING a fat dick that constantly needed attention, even now the scent of sex and sweat lingered around the cat and the thought of jerking off was burning in the back of his mind as he fondled the Jay plush. Jay’s eyes couldn’t rip away from the cat’s pulsing bulge, the bigger male growing more and more excited as the silence stretched out, Jay was even concerned that the lip-licking cat would start doing something right here and now if he didn’t speak up!

“SURE! Yeah, sure, we can do an art trade for it! Y-you look a bit, uhm… busy right now and I’m closing up shop soon anyway so you can just uhm, you can take the plush now if you want!” Jay’s eyes finally ripped away from the cat’s pulsing dick to look up at him, the cat’s eyes still locked on the plush he was flat out fondling at this point, his claws starting to dig into the sides of the thing as he licked his lips. “Thanks man, yeah, I gotta go NOW but uhh, you can find me in room 413 and we can talk details~” The cat’s voice rumbled with a low growl as he picked up his stuff, haphazardly stuffing it all into his bag before waddling away, obviously hindered by the third leg he had snaking down his pant leg. Jay GASPED in a breath, realizing he had been holding his breath the entire time the big cat stood in front of him, his nose instantly getting assaulted by a thick, sweaty, musky scent that the cat left in his wake. It was nothing short of amazing, Jay thought that people like that only really existed in his stories! He had met people with big dicks before but never someone so raunchy and on-display as that cat, the fucker RADIATED the scent of sex to an almost choking degree.

After he finally cooled himself down, sitting back in his chair and catching a few breaths of more fresh air rather than kitty stench, the panda got started on tearing down his booth, packing things away and grumbling under his breath. He really just let that guy get a free plush from him because he was afraid he was going to start fucking the thing in front of everyone, but now that he thought about it there was no way he would actually do that right? Somehow Jay agreed to an art trade with an artist he had never heard of until now, the panda grumbled and packed up his stuff, cursing himself for being such a nervous wreck when it came to any type of ‘pressured negotiation’ like that. It happened more often that he’d like to admit, though so far he usually came out of deals like this perfectly fine. He would find an artist or author, simp for a character or a story or a pic of theirs, fumble into a deal with them with barely any information or research and basically pray that he came out positive. Most of the time he did, afterall, you don’t make a successful enough universe to be recognized by random gooners if you get ripped off by artists too often. So despite all the weird feelings he had about this Sushi guy, Jay still had faith that he’d come out of this better than he went in, even if he was a little angry that he basically gave a plush away for free.

     “Room 413… 413…” Jay muttered to himself as he packed up all his stuff and started to walk across the con floor, bumping into someone by accident since he was more than a bit distracted. “Oop! Sorry I- OH! Waffle! Sorry SHRIMP, didn’t see ya there!” The panda’s worries faded in an instant when he realized who he ran into. Waffle was a kobold, a friend of Jay’s, a short little dark grey furball with a cute little blue nose. The kobold had a bit of a rebellious, bratty reputation which only made his tiny stature all that funnier, standing more than a foot shorter than even Jay’s average height. Waffle put his fists on his waist and puffed out his chest, glaring up at Jay with a grumble “If either of us deserves to be called a ‘shrimp’ it’s YOU shrimp dick!” The kobold punched at Jay’s thigh, his weak little arms barely doing more than bumping against the panda. Jay chuckled and knelt down a little to be on eye level with the little kobold, further demeaning him with his taunting posture “You enjoying the con little guy? Find anyone big enough to use you like a fleshlight yet?” Jay teased, booping Waffle’s nose.

Jay could tell the kobold was close to boiling over and lunging at him, while Waffle wasn’t strong by any sense of the word, he did have a reputation for being a little violence gremlin, almost stereotypically for a kobold. Yet, instead of throwing hands or himself at the panda, Jay watched as Waffle rummaged in his bag, pulling out what looked like a toy ray gun and pointing it at the panda. “TRY CALLING ME SHORT NOW FAG!” Just as Jay was about to laugh at Waffle’s little outburst a flash from that toy gun knocked the air out of the panda’s lungs. Jay started to feel weak, absurdly so, his body feeling like it was going to collapse upon itself. The panda fell onto his hands and knees, not even recognizing the stubby little arms that caught him as he tried to catch his breath. “W-What d-did?” Jay questioned as he wobbled to his feet, his ears folding against his head as he had to look UP at Waffle. 

“WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO ME?!” Jay squeaked, his voice higher and squeakier than usual, only making Waffle double over in laughter. Jay crossed his little arms, looking down at his body to assess the damages. He was shorter, that’s for sure, almost a third of his normal height, his legs little more than cute little plump stubs that barely kept his elongated torso standing. In all honesty he looked almost exactly like one of his plushies, thankfully his clothes shrunk with him, though the differing proportions made his fuzzy little belly stick out only adding to the cute charm of the annoyed panda. “Oh relaaaaax! You look so much better like this! Besides, now you can live out your perverted little dreams of being someone’s toy, I BASICALLY did you a favor so you SHOULD be thanking me!” Waffle’s hand gripped the top of Jay’s head, squeezing and sinking his claws into the whimpering little panda. 

“So how about it fag? Why don’t you thank me?” Waffle’s tone was deeper now, threatening, his eyes glaring with a sadistic glee as he tormented the little panda. All Jay could do was squeak and wiggle, unable to reach his little arms to the top of his head to try and wrench himself free. With a sigh and a grumble Jay let out a whimpering “Thank you…” which only made Waffle laugh and turn, waving as he trotted away. “If you find someone to fulfill your dreams make sure you get a video for me FAG!” The kobold snickered as he ran off, leaving Jay to grumble and look himself over, his stubby little arms too small to do much and his little legs short but surprisingly capable of carrying his tiny figure. With this annoyance adding to the mild agitation from giving away one of his plushies, Jay stormed off to go find that Sushi guy again, his anger only growing as people pointed and said “DAWWWW” to his little angry self walking and grumbling.

By the time Jay got to room 413 the panda was out of breath and had to take a break, leaning against the door and panting, wobbling as he felt the door give in to even his little weight. Sushi must have left it open for him. After making sure he had enough breath in him to negotiate the trade that he was forced into taking, Jay puffed out his adorable little chest and pushed his way into the room with a little grunt. The room was mostly empty, though in an instant Jay could tell that it was Sushi’s room due to the wafting smell. It was even more concentrated here than it was when he met the cat on the con floor, the smell of sweat and dried cum somehow fully engulfing the room even though it was still only the first day of the con! It wasn’t too bad, Jay could ignore it for the most part as he let himself in, the door SLAMMING shut behind him, making him jump a bit. The panda’s heart sank as he realized he was pretty much locked in, his little hands not able to reach the handle of the door even if he tried, but he would just get Sushi to let him out later.

Hopping up onto the cat’s bed, Jay found all of the cat’s stuff laid out, clothes, agendas, phone and a sketchbook! ‘Finally, something was going right!’ Jay thought as he sat down on that plump little butt Waffle gave him, flipping through the cat’s sketchbook. His eyebrows rose up as he saw the sketches and drawings, most of them depicting the cat himself absolutely ABUSING creatures smaller than him with a dick the size of his leg. From what Jay had seen earlier, the drawings weren’t even an exaggeration, but all the expressions of the creatures Sushi drew himself fucking were perfect! The size difference, the way he was holding them like fleshlights, the mean little comments he doodled on each page, they were all PERFECT for what Jay was looking for in a Sinverse artist! Jay flipped through the pages, amazed time and time again as he saw everything from digimon to pokemon to even big cat ladies getting USED by the black cat. Jay’s heart SANK in his chest as he turned to the most recent page though, a picture of Sushi grabbing and using a plushie that looked terrifyingly familiar was featured on this page. Jay gulped as he looked at the little winged chest-marking on the plushie, assuring the little panda that Sushi had been dreaming of fucking a likeness of him apart for a while now. The comment on this page made the panda shiver, seeing the final sketches, just enough lines to tell what was going on, a plushie dropped to the floor in a puddle of spunk, the words ‘Fuck yeah, I LOVE making a mess of these toys’ written over it.

Those pics were so absurdly hot that it took Jay a bit to even realize the situation he was in, the panda groaning and trying to adjust himself as he got hard in his little pants. The effort it took to get his stubby little arms down far enough to adjust his pants made Jay truly realize what a mistake it was to come into the cat’s room alone. He was locked in here, presumably alone with nothing to do but wait for that overly horny, fucking HUNG cat boy to come back and find a sentient ‘plushie’ sitting on his bed, looking through his sketchbook. Jay gulped as he wiggled his way down from the bed, hopping down with a little thud that sounded a bit too loud to be from his little self. Then another thud drew the panda’s attention to the bathroom door. Then another, and another, followed by a deep, rumbling growl that filled the air almost as heavily as the smell of cat dick. Jay gulped as he realized that he wasn’t waiting for the overly horny cat to come back to his room, he was locked in here WITH THAT FUCKER! The panda started to breathe heavily, he had to find a stool or something he could push to the door to get to the handle!

That thudding and growling only grew louder as Jay looked around, grabbing and slowly sliding a trash can over to the front door of the hotel room, his heart pounding in his ears. As he walked past the bathroom door he almost fell flat on his face, his nose scrunching up as a foul, concentrated version of the stench that filled the room assaulted his nose. For how many times he had people write about or draw fat, stinking dicks perfectly made to rape and rip apart toys the size of said dicks, he had NEVER in his life smelled something that fit that description so perfectly. Even though Jay had gotten off time and time again to the THOUGHT of being ripped in half by a dick like Sushi undoubtedly had, the thought of being grabbed and fucked like a fleshlight was so much more terrifying that he ever could have thought. It was his LIFE on the line, if that THING got anywhere near him he’d fucking DIE in all likelyhood! As the panda got back up to his feet and took his hands away from his nose he heard a loud, wet RIPPING noise followed by the cat cursing under his breath.

“Fuuuuuuck… This one was supposed to be more durable… I hope they do returns. FUUUUUCK and now it’s too loose!” The cat’s footsteps sounded like thunder rumbling from how keen Jay was listening, feeling like he was even smaller than he actually was in the presence of the horny monster only a few feet and a door away from him. “S-sorry Jay…” Sushi mumbled, making the fur on the back of Jay’s neck stand up. Did he know he was there?! HOW LONG DID HE KNOW HE WAS THERE?! Jay’s heart sunk in his chest as he pushed the bathroom door a bit more open, getting SLAMMED in the face with a wave of humid, PUTRID dick scent. The panda’s eyes watered as he tried to see what Sushi was doing, seeing a blur of black fur and a much smaller blur of reddish-orange fur. He realized what was happening before he even cleared his eyes, Jay’s nose scrunching from the raunchy scent, but his eyes were wide in both fear and amazement as he watched Sushi RIP open the ass of the Jay plushie he got only an hour or so ago. 

Jay had seen the outline of Sushi’s dick in his pants earlier today, but seeing that MONSTER out in the open was a whole other story. The cat was packing a third thigh between his legs, a pair of heavy, sweat-matted nuts hung low and heavy, clenching as the cat drooled precum to splatter over the floor like a leaky faucet. That dick throbbed AUDIBLY, those nuts visibly steaming from the heat radiating off of them, luckily the cat was too distracted with stuffing the tip of his dick into the ripped-open ass of the plush to hear the real Jay behind him GAG. Horror and disgust from the smell and sight froze Jay in place, his jaw hanging open as he watched Sushi JAM that dick all the way into the little plushie grabbed tight in his claws. Another gag forced its way up as Jay watched the plushie’s face deform with the tip of that putrid dick, precum already starting to drip through the fabric, ruining the soft fur of that little plushie. Jay could only watch as Sushi started to groan and hump, his tongue hanging out as he lost himself to pleasure. Each of those humps deformed the plushie’s face, his stitching ripping slowly but surely from the rough slams Sushi kept thrusting into its much-too-small body. The smile that plush once had ripped and popped, the stitches falling out until any joy was wiped from his precum-drooling face. 

“Stupid fucking DICK! Always -N-NNF! Always RUINING SHIT!” The cat groaned and cursed as he leaned forward, holding one hand on the wall to keep himself from falling over, his other hand bouncing that plushie against his crotch fast enough to turn it into a blur. The bean-packing of the plush skittered around the floor, bouncing when the beans found tiles that weren’t covered in a thick layer of kitty precum. “Fuuuuuuck I just wanna cuuuuum! I hope J-jay has more of t-theseeeeeee!” The cat groaned, his hips thrusting wildly to spray the ropes of precum straight through that plush and all over the bathroom, only adding to the stench that he would have to clean out later. Sushi grunted, groaned, panted and cursed. He hated that stupid fat dick and heavy nuts that demanded all this attention, he hated how he made a mess of everything but as he got closer to cumming, all he could think about was getting another Jay plush, getting another fleshlight, making another mess, blowing a load so big that this room would ALWAYS smell like his dick. 

As the cat got close, his face contorting, his toes clenching and dragging through the precum puddle he was standing in, his head rolled back as he pressed his forehead to the wall, using both hands to jerk that ruined plushie over his dick, Jay snapped back into it. Maybe after the cat blew his load, maybe after he finished ruining that bathroom and the plushie in his hands, he would rest for a bit, hopefully hop in the shower or something, giving Jay enough time to escape! A loud RRRRRRRRRRRIP! made Jay’s heart sink in his chest. “FUCK! CMON MAN I WAS SO FUCKING CLOSE!” Sushi ripped the destroyed, headless plushie off of his dick and thew it to the ground with a wet SPLAT. The cat groaned as he sat back on the edge of the bathtub, wiping the precum off of his phone as his feet clenched the sides of his cock, idly jerking off that MASSIVE dick as he tried to find something to finish to. The cat groaned and rolled his eyes, looking around the bathroom only for his eyes to LOCK onto the doorway.

Standing in the doorway, the perfect, horrified expression on his face, stitching so good that it couldn’t even be seen from a few feet away and strong enough to stand on its own, was another Jay plushie! At least, that’s the only thing Sushi’s gooner brain could think of at this point, the cat standing up and taking a step towards the terrified, frozen in place Jay. Sushi watched the new plushie’s eyes following him, watched its head tilt back as he stood, looming over it, the shadow of that dick swallowing the little panda in full darkness. A demonic smile grew to the cat’s face as he licked his lips, grabbing onto that greasy, precum-slicked, disgusting smelling dick, sliding his paw up and down it. “Try not to break on me this time Jay~” Sushi was more or less roleplaying at this point, thinking about Jay’s comics, thinking about the clones that would get used, abused, broken and replaced. This was no different for him, just another toy to break over his oversized dick, something to satisfy his urges to be in Jay’s little universe as a main character lucky enough to contort the panda’s body around his cock. For Jay, this was a nightmare come true. Sure he made the universe, sure it was hot to THINK about how futile his resistance was, but faced with his twitching, pulsing, precum drooling DEATH like this, he couldn’t do anything but stand there, his mouth open wide and collecting thick globs of salty pre.

Before Jay could even make his brain function he felt those clawed hands GRAB around his torso, sinking into his fur and flesh, his arms instinctively grabbing at those clenching hands, but Sushi was too far gone to see Jay as anything but a fleshlight. Something he proved by JAMMING the tip of that dick into the panda’s mouth. “HOLY FUCK! THIS ONE IS SO TIGHT! You got a fleshlight in you or something?! FUUUUCK SO WAAAAAARM!” The cat groaned as he FORCED his dick down Jay’s throat. The panda cried and tried to grab around that greasy fuckpole, feeling his little hands slide on its length, feeling inch after inch of that toy breaking monster force its way down his throat. A loud POP filled the bathroom, Sushi groaning in annoyance as he thought some of the stitching was coming loose already, he would have to be QUICK. Jay’s eyes watered as he struggled and whined, his cries drowned out by the loud THROBS of that dick and the heavy, churning clenches of those nuts. His jaw had popped out of socket just from the tip of that dick cramming its way into his throat, his mind racing, worrying, terrified of how many other things this kitty would break on his quest to get off.

“Fuuuuuuck~ Pleaaaase don’t break! I need this SOOOO BAD!” Sushi groaned as he changed his grip, picking Jay up from the floor and flipping him upside down. The cat’s knees started to buckle as he swirled and spun his tip around in Jay’s throat, forcing the little shrunken panda to gag and choke uncontrollably. By the time Sushi was done adjusting his new toy Jay was staring down the pulsing underside of that dick, his little legs kicking in the air above him as he watched those massive nuts CLENCH. Every time those nuts jumped the cat’s cock would THROB and grow thicker for a moment, shooting a thick, warm glob of precum directly up into the poor panda’s gut. It hurt, everything hurt, his jaw, his throat, his gut, everything that oversized dick was touching felt like it was on FIRE and yet all of his struggling, all of his flailing, all of his gagging went unnoticed by the cat. Either Sushi was too obsessed with the tightness and warmth of his new exclusive Jay plushie/fleshlight or he noticed and simply didn’t care. Either way, Jay was terrified, seeing as he had at least another foot and a half of dick to take, pulsing right in front of his face.

But there was no way Sushi could POSSIBLY cram all of that dick into him right? That thing was as big as Jay’s entire body at this size! The searing pain of claws digging into his sides and a sudden, gut-punching THRUST proved Jay wrong, Sushi was only thinking about getting off and from what happened to the last plushie he stuffed his dick into, Jay could tell he didn’t care what happened. “H-Hurry up NNG! And get F-FUCK! TO THE BASE ALREADY!” Sushi groaned as he thrust up into Jay’s face between his words, growling and gripping around Jay’s belly TIGHT with his thumbs just as the tip of his dick PUSHED deep enough to bulge out the poor panda’s elongated belly. Sushi grit his teeth and thrusted as hard as he could, trying to force his oversized, needy dick into that super tight toy in his hands. Maybe this was why he kept breaking everything he ever fucked, but the feeling was unlike any other, feeling something so small, so tight, so warm and apparently with a vibration function wrap around his dick felt heavenly, his eyes rolling in his head from the sheer pleasure. Each one of those powerhouse thrusts swung the cat’s heavy, black, matted nuts up to SLAP Jay in the face, forcing the panda to close his eyes as those grime-coated nuts made a mess of his face fur and threatened to break his nose!

Sushi’s grip shifted again, pressing down on the back of Jay’s head to force the last few inches of that greasy dick down his toy’s face hole. The cat had to sit down on the edge of the tub as he looked down at his handiwork, the entire panda’s body twitching and bouncing with the throbs of his cock. ‘Fuck that looks hot~’ Sushi thought, panting too hard to properly vocalize anything, taking his hands off of Jay’s body to watch as the panda stayed twitching, the strength of that oversized messmaker of a dick kept all of that weight “standing” straight. From where he was Sushi could see the outline of his dick perfectly through Jay’s chest and stomach, the tip of that oversized cock vanishing behind a dripping, twitching… little red panda dick. Even in his lust-drunk state Sushi realized that this couldn’t be another plushie, the cat sitting upright and grabbing around Jay’s chest yet again, sliding him up and down on his dick to feel him struggle and flail, hear him gag and groan, watch his tail flick and flutter.

“J-JAY?!” Sushi finally put two and two together, his dick was stuffed into the REAL Jay! He was impaling the real redpan onto his dried-cum-coated, precum drooling, toy breaking dick. Jay could barely breathe, any tiny bits of air he could sneak in through his nose were so tainted with the stench of the cat’s nuts that they barely had any oxygen to keep him awake but he felt Sushi stop for a moment, and heard the panic in the cat’s voice. Finally! Sushi FINALLY realized what was happening! At this point as long as Jay could escape being speared through by that dick and go back to breathing air instead of concentrated cat nuts, he would be happy. Hell he might even give Sushi a few of his plushies just to make sure the cat NEVER came near him with that terrifying dick ever again. The panda’s heart SANK as he felt Sushi’s hands GRIP around him, the cat leaning forward and DRAGGING his tongue up Jay’s plump little ass, the slight roughness of that feline tongue dragging and tugging at his tight hole. Jay tried to wiggle and protest, his last bit of energy burning as he thought he was SO CLOSE to freedom only for a loud huff to leave Sushi’s lips.

“THAT’S SO FUCKING HOT!” Sushi’s hands gripped tight, his thumbs massaging the outline of his dick in Jay’s belly as his claws dug into the panda’s back. The cat started to violently YANK Jay’s body up before slamming him down, burying the panda’s face into that toxic tuft of matted fur at the base of the cat’s dick, feeling his entire body stretch well past its limits as Sushi lost himself again in the fantasy of the whole situation. “DUDE YOU’RE THE PERFECT SIZE TO BE MY TOY! HOLY FUCK I’M FOR SURE GUNNA FUCK YOUR ASS NEXT! Oh f-fuck I’m gunna-!” The cat’s thoughts were cut short as his dick started to throb heavily, shaking Jay’s entire body as he was SLAMMED against those clenching nuts. Jay couldn’t believe his ears, he knew it was him! There was no denying it now! He knew that Jay was alive, awake, struggling, resisting, and yet none of that mattered to the cat! All he wanted to do was get off! And by how frequently those nuts were clenching against Jay’s nose, he was THERE.

An audible GLORP made the panda flinch, expecting to feel the pain of being stretched even further somehow only for the feeling of that pulsing cock to travel right through him. It took a moment, Jay staying still in confusion as he felt that dick throb through his entire body. Then it rained down on him, every ounce of the first rope that kitty could give raining down on the both of them, the cat’s dick so deeply stuffed into his body that it pushed straight through him! Sushi got to look down at Jay’s tight little ass, the hole he would be claiming next, only to see his tip an inch or so below the surface of that tight little hole. Right before he started to blow the cat STUFFED and scrunched Jay’s mostly numb body down to POP the very tip of his cock straight through the little panda, the sight of his dick pushing all the way through him was the perfect thing to set him off. From where Jay’s face was he got to see Sushi’s nuts CLENCH and his toes curl through barely-conscious eyes, watching with hazy vision as those steaming nuts clenched and shot spunk straight through his body only to make an even bigger mess of his already ruined fur.

Sushi wasn’t satisfied with simply pumping a load straight through the best unihole he ever had though, the cat slowly lifting Jay up between pulses, one of his hands pressing two of his stubby fingers into that cum-leaking ass in an attempt to seal it off. “C-cmon! I w-wanna see your belly BLOAT!” The cat growled as the next gut-wrenching PULSE from that dick made Jay’s gut start to wobble and sag, the pent-up, high pressure spunk shooting out of the panda’s nose, making his eyes go wide as every hole he had was bursting with kitty spunk. “Fuuuuuhhhck~ This is the BEST nut I’ve ever busted~ No fucking WAY I’m letting you go after this~” Sushi’s moaning words mostly fell on deaf ears as Jay’s entire body finally went limp, the panda finally able to pass out as Sushi humped and flooded his gut. The cat grabbed around Jay’s bulging neck as his other hand slowly added finger after finger, shoving a new one in whenever a SQUELCH of spunk shot from the panda’s ass. Sushi wanted more than anything to see how big he could grow Jay’s belly, squeezing his throat TIGHT to try and cut off the backflow of spunk shooting from the panda’s broken jaw and bruised nose.

“God I LOVE cumming in stuff~” Sushi groaned as he once again thrust forward, pushing his fingers out and POPPING his tip through that limp, gagging panda. Sushi’s orgasms usually lasted a minute or two but with a sight like that in front of him he could tell that he wasn’t going to stop any time soon, his nuts CLENCHING, needing this release after being neglected for an entire day of driving and registering for the con. The best part about stuffing his dick all the way through the panda, besides the delicious sight of how thoroughly he fucked this little panda, was that he wouldn’t even have to break the panda’s ass! It was already stretched out wide enough by his tip! Jay wouldn’t mind, surely~ After all, he hadn’t stopped cumming for as long as Sushi noticed the panda’s dripping, drooling little dick. “Fuuuuuuck!” Sushi had to slide his way into the bathtub, sitting down and filling the tub with a small puddle with a single SPURT of his dick, the cat leaning his head back to avoid looking at the cat he was fucking DESTROYING with his cock. He couldn’t look at Jay’s pathetic little body anymore, it was getting him too excited and he wanted to do SOMETHING besides jerk off today. Although, he DID promise to use Jay’s ass next and it WAS looking pretty tight right about now.

By the time Jay woozily woke back up the panda felt cold, hollow and sore all over. His little hands reaching up to rub his head reminded him that he was still shrunk, though when he looked down at his belly it was flat again. ‘Maybe the crazy dream was a side effect of Waffle’s ray gun or something?’ Jay thought before his nose flared, drinking in what felt like the first breath in a year. That disgusting, pungent, overpowering stench of gooner kitty dick and spunk flooded his nose, his face wrinkling as he rolled over, trying to bury his face into the bedding he was laying on. Instant regret and pain rang out as Jay was forced to taste the salty, thick layer of spunk that coated the bedding, his jaw burning as it was still popped out of joint, forcing his tongue to lay onto the tainted bed. The smell in the sheets was even worse, fresher, wetting the fur on his face and making him push himself up to avoid getting his face further tainted by that stench. All the panda could do was lay on his back, groaning and rubbing his sore face, his jaw aching as he let out a groan.

“Oh shit you woke up?!” Sushi’s voice, even when taking a familiar, friendly tone, sounded like a sheer threat, making the panda cower and curl up as his eyes locked onto the pitch black cat. Sushi was sitting naked on the edge of the bed, his fur a total mess, matted and destroyed with globs of cum staining and sinking in. Hell it didn’t even have time to dry yet. Next to the cat were a few towels, equally soaked through with spunk, visibly steaming and showing that there was no way Sushi could even clean up after himself with how productive he was. “After I got done I felt a little bad so I gave you a bath in the sink to clean you off a bit! Nothing’s really gunna get the smell out but you get used to it. I only really had to use the sink cuz I ended up clogging the shower… and the toilet… and then the sink after I squeezed the spunk out of your gut.” An audible throb made Sushi groan and Jay whimper, the panda trying to turn away only for Sushi to pick the little pint-sized panda up under his arms, holding him up high and smiling to him, somehow seemingly oblivious to the fact that he just raped the panda. Either oblivious or he just didn’t care, but Jay wasn’t really in any shape to complain or fight back, his body was on fire and refusing to listen to his commands.

“Yeah man, I figured you were gunna find me jerking off when you came up to my room, to be honest I was kinda looking forward to it. I always wanted to see if you were as big of a slut in real life as you are in your comics but I didn’t really have a PLAN really but it all worked out I’d say!” Sushi chuckled as he pulled Jay down, scooching back on the bed a bit so his massive nuts could rest on the ruined sheets instead of sagging over the side. Jay groaned, his jaw still hanging open as Sushi bit his lip, looking at the pathetic, scared panda in his hands, that nasty dick pulsing and starting to grow again, starting to stand on its own. “Gah! And I’m so pent up now cuz I waited for you to be awake when I use your ass for the first time! You were sleeping for, like, almost an entire HOUR man! FUUUUCK but that MOUTH! It’s so tight and I wanna see your FACE mashed up against my CROTCH!” A wet SHLK SHLLLK SHLRRRK noise filled the air as Sushi started to groan and roll his eyes, laying back fully on the bed while keeping Jay held in the air above him, the cat’s feet kicking up to latch around either side of his dick, jerking off his now turgid, achingly hard member. 


‘An hour…’ Jay thought, his eyes starting to water as he heard that dick pulsing, knowing there was no way out, not even able to argue since his jaw refused to form words due to its state. ‘The most rest he could give me… is an hour…’  The panda groaned as Sushi’s gaze narrowed on him again, the cat’s eyes lighting up. He had an idea. The cat sat back upright, grabbing his dick and pulling it to his chest, letting it add to the mess of matted fur that covered the cat’s body. His other hand grabbed around the back of Jay’s head, bringing the panda down to those cumsoaked nuts. “Since I clogged the shower and used all the towels I’m gunna have to wash myself off with your fur if I wanna put pants on again today! And with your tongue hanging out it’s the perfect time to introduce you to your new job as my personal nut cleaner!” Sushi snickered as he STUFFED Jay’s face against the sludge covering his nuts. Jay gagged and struggled, his little arms barely able to move, pushing up against the set of nuts that was bigger than his head by volumes. 

It was at this point that Jay realized he never really TASTED the cat’s spunk, most of it just shot through him or shot out of his nose. But here, coating these disgusting, churning orbs, Jay got a fresh taste of that thick nut. The air above those slime-covered nuts was steaming, that salty, overly musky taste FLOODING Jay’s mouth and nose, making his vision go blurry as he felt that taste sink into his BRAIN! Even with his eyes failing him, Jay’s tongue and ears worked way too well for his comfort, tasting that thick spunk and hearing the cat growl at him. “I’m gunna use you every fucking day~ Gunna mold your body to the shape of my dick! You’re gunna be my fucking FLESHLIGHT from now on! Gunna have you on a diet of spunk and ball sweat right up until I wanna fuck you again, then I’ll squeeze you out for repeat feedings!” Jay could somehow hear the cat as clear as day, even over the disgustingly loud THROBS of the cat dick inches away from his head. Sushi was DRAGGING his face over those nuts, making his slack-jaw slide and making his tongue cleave through the layers of disgusting ball-gunk. 

When Jay first tasted the cat’s dick he thought it was the worst thing in the world, then he tasted the still-gooey spunk coating the cat’s nuts and thought THAT was the worst taste in the world. Yet every time Sushi picked up his head, every time Jay’s tongue was dragged over those clenching orbs he cut into another layer of disgusting tastes and horrid smells. First it was the layer of fresh spunk, gooey and gross, then the layer of dried spunk, saltier, stale and hard to the touch, then the layer of matted sweat and fur, abrasive and SALTY. Again and again Sushi would drag his face over those nuts, Jay’s brain frying from the smell and tastes assaulting him, his eyes rolling in his head until finally they started to glaze over. He didn’t have to think anymore, he couldn’t think anymore. Sushi would do what he wanted, he didn’t even have to really be there for it, the cat was so much bigger, so much stronger, so much hornier.

All Jay could do was blow bubbles up through the layer of jizz he was face planted into before Sushi was kind enough to pull his face up, kind enough to let him gasp in a breath of the noxious fumes emanating from those disgustingly full orbs. “Fuck it, that’s good enough~ Your face is too messy to really clean me off anymore and you can’t really swallow with your jaw like that~ Lets see how well your ass holds up!” Jay could only blow a spunk-bubble from his nose in response, his eyes glazed over, his mouth painfully hanging open and dripping old and new spunk, little strands of kitty nut-fur on his tongue among the gunk. Jay’s mind was fully blank as he dangled in the air above Sushi’s dick, his little ass getting seated onto that precum shooting tip. He could feel the heat of those shots of precum jetting up into his belly, filling him with that disgusting heat. Through his hazy vision though he could see Sushi’s excited grin, the cat’s hands adjusting and fiddling with their grip as he tried to steady his breath enough to start using his favorite toy again. That’s all that really mattered right? Someone was happy. Jay didn’t really feel anything at this point so as long as someone was getting enjoyment out of this, that’s all that mattered.

A weak groan left Jay’s gaped throat as his ass was pressure fit around the tip of that dick. He watched as Sushi’s head flicked back, the cat groaning and humping excitedly into him. It felt warm, so very warm, he felt so full, his belly bulging and his own limp dick aching as the cat once again annihilated his prostate. The added pleasure of cumming without even being hard, without even touching his dick shot a signal through his fuzzy-feeling mind. That’s right, it felt good to be used as a fleshlight, to be an object of someone else’s pleasure, to be form-fitted to someone’s oversized dick as they rearranged every organ in his body. That’s all he was good for, to be used, grabbed, bounced up and down on that oversized, greasy meatspire so fast that his arms and legs flailed up and down opposite the cat’s rhythm. To watch that happy cat hump and thrust, to feel the cat’s feet grab either side of him and use him as a unihole whenever his arms got tired of holding on. It had to feel good right? Why else would his dick be twitching and trying to shoot another load onto the cat’s chest, only throbbing and bouncing as his prostate and nuts were already milked dry by the cat’s insatiable lust? He didn’t really NEED to cum anyway, Sushi came enough for both of them combined, and then some! All Jay had to do was lay there, feel that dick push and stretch him apart, feel his body form to its shape. Maybe after Sushi would even let him slurp up the gunk from those nuts again, since that’s what made all the pain fade in the first place, that’s what made his mind feel so soft and squishy, so warm and comfy. ‘Oh? He’s panting hard again, and I can hear his nuts clenching. He’s gunna cum again, and after I made him wait a whole hour to jerk off again, it’s gunna be a big one~’  Jay’s last thoughts were before he passed out, delusional and content being nothing but a toy.

A few weeks later Sushi groaned and leaned back in his chair, cursing and stretching his hands. He had been working on this commission for WEEKS and he just couldn’t get it right! Drawing plump, eat-able, stretched out asses was his favorite thing but it just wasn’t quite right! The cat leaned back forward and grumbled, looking at the unfinished sketch of a featureless butt before he got an idea! “Hey uhhh… what was your… uhh FAGGOT! Yeah that works. Hey Fag, you awake? I need a reference for a fucking STRETCHED out ass!” Sushi slid his chair back to poke and prod at the red panda fleshlight hanging under his desk. His favorite toy used to be chained to his nuts by a pair of matching collars but whenever Sushi got horny enough to stuff his dick down the thing’s throat, the collar would break! He tried a few more, by the count of broken collars sitting in the crusting, steaming puddle of spunk on the floor, he tried four or so but none of them held up. When he loosened the collars to fit around the panda’s throat with his dick INSIDE of the little toy it would just slide all the way down his shoulders and hips when he pulled out so that was a no-go.

The new setup seemed to work pretty well, the toy was suspended by a two-loop harness hanging from a little spinning anchor under Sushi’s desk. This meant that Sushi could spin his toy to either stuff his dick down the panda’s throat or up the panda’s ass depending on his mood. Sushi’s frown turned to a smile as he heard a groan from the leaking, bloated, spunk-coated toy. It HAD been a bit since he took him down to clean him off, but the harness was kinda a pain to operate when it was coated in kitty gunk so it wasn’t very high on the priority list. “Good shit! Though I gotta piss first… I don’t really feel like getting up though… Say, you gotta be thirsty by now right?” The hanging toy could only groan as his head hung down, his jaw hadn’t been locked into socket for weeks, his eye glazed over, the other one stuck shut with kitty spunk. All he could do was stare at the steaming puddle of gunk on the floor, the fresh layer on top had come from barely thirty minutes ago when Sushi needed to use his mouth to get in the mood for drawing. But he couldn’t deny his master, his mind was so melted from the constant exposure to the cat’s stench, his taste, his girth, his throbbing, hell it would be a surprise if there was still a brain left in that skull of his. All the panda could do was lift his head up, his mouth hanging open as Sushi smiled down to him. That’s what he lived for, that smile, that happiness, that enjoyment of his service.

After the smile always came the sharp taste of that dick tip on his tongue. Even through the layers of spunk coating his mouth, the toy could still taste when that greasy dick was stuffed into his mouth. Sushi said something about being thirsty? Maybe he would just jack off while keeping his dick on his tongue this time. That would be nice. The toy’s meager thoughts were washed away just as the high pressure JETS of bitter, hot piss flooded his mouth. Pissing with an erection always made the stream shoot in fast bursts, Sushi’s dick THROBBING with each jet shooting into the unihole’s throat. Each shot ‘cleaned’ a bit of the caked-on spunk from the toy’s mouth, letting him taste the acrid flow in earnest, renewing and purifying the vile taste of that cocktip. As Sushi laid his head back and sighed, relaxing and happily pressure washing his toy’s insides with piss, all the toy could do was moan, his mouth not even needing to swallow thanks to the cat’s dick already pressure fit to the back of his throat, all he had to do was dangle there, his little hands and feet clenching as his one good eye shut, enjoying his service.

As Sushi finished emptying his bladder the cat pulled his chair back and leaned under his desk to swivel the panda around, turning his nose up at the STENCH that radiated from under that desk. “FUCK man! I gotta let you down for an hour or two so you can clean this mess up! Maybe tomorrow though, I’m busy today so I gotta keep my dick occupied, you know how it gets~” Sushi’s words were falling on deaf ears as he lined his tip up with his toy’s ass. That recently tight hole didn’t even close anymore, it barely even put up a fight as Sushi SLID his chair forward, hilting and stuffing his dick up to the back of his toy’s throat. The panda came again, adding to the steaming mess on the floor. Drops into the ocean at this point, the toy’s dick didn’t even really work anymore, he didn’t get hard, he didn’t throb, he’d just cum whenever Sushi shoved that dick in him through either hole. Either way SOMETHING crushed his prostate flat, that poor abused organ long overused and needing rest. But there was no rest for him, he was a toy, to be used until he broke, which, if Sushi kept going like this, would be soon.

The toy’s eye opened up wide in surprise for the first time in a while. He kinda forgot what emotions felt like by now, every day and night basically being nothing but taking cock, licking cock, spit shining nuts or simply dangling with a full, sloshing belly. The surprise came from Sushi stuffing a thumb alongside his dick into the toy’s ass, stretching it wider and making it feel tighter around the cat’s dick. “FUUUUCK YEAH! There we go~ You’ve gotten so loose I barely even felt you when I pushed myself in! I thought I missed! Try to clench a little for me, I gotta get off so I can use your sloppy hole as a reff~” Sushi snickered as he grabbed his toy’s tail, the harness straps holding his cum-matted, disgusting, previous-person of a toy still as he started to hump and groan. “I should probably let you down so you can get tight again but I can’t resist cumming in you! Best toy I ever bought!” Sushi huffed as he thrusted away, the desk and his chair creaking as he slammed his hips against his toy’s twitching, abused ass. It was hard for the toy’s brain to form any full sentences or thoughts, but Sushi’s last comment made him wonder as he got his ass hollowed out by that dick that OWNED him; “Where DID he buy me from?”
