***Tales of Suplex City – The Arena***

“Welcome to Bust or be busted hosted at Suplex City Arena\!” Where are the winners of the prize of choosing the loser’s fate\!” The crowd roared with excitement and anticipation as the enthusiastic announcers gave the official introduction of the monthly fighting event. “Tonight, we have a special event for you all here and watching from home\! An All Cruel No Rules match\! Exactly how it sounds folks\! We got no referee’s, no weight classes, no rules\!” From the tunnel the words could be heard in the nearby fighter’s room. Within the room sat an average sized red panda sitting on a small wooden bar in front of a well-lit vanity mirror before him. The look of uncertainty came across his face wondering why he entered this competition. Standing behind him stood Maou, the man he was fighting for. A hyena chef of average stature who had accumulated a large debt due to his failing restaurant even going as far as accumulating a harsher debt from one of the city's high profile families. To the rear of the room sitting on a plush silk couch that looked as if it were specially brought so for him was Vic. A 9ft tall and very wide hipped tiger that carried subtle feminine features of which often confused those who stood behind him. He had set up an arrangement for Jay to fight whomever the venue could place him up against that had high payout and highest chances of success. Jay turned back to a shivering Maou who was unsure about the ordeal and then back to Vic who seemed entirely unphased and confident to the situation at hand constantly staring down at his tablet. If Jay wins, all of their troubles end and they go back to living their normal lives and Jay gets a new career as a fighter. Lose and deal with the monsters that loomed overhead that Maou was indebted to. The Von-Brutali family, well known for their vast amounts of wealth and influence within the corporate and political sphere to a near national level even as far reaching as the police and militia. More specifically the matriarch of the family, Anastasia who invested into Maou’s business because of her keen interest in the different style of cuisines it offered. Thou as Maou began falling in payments, her interest declined while the interest sharply increased. He received a letter stamped with a familiar cyan colored lipstick mark of which Anastasia was known for. “My dearest chef. You have fallen many months behind on payments and I have become dissatisfied and disinterested in your lack of cuisine offerings of which you showed promise initially. I wish not to resort to such harsh measures to ensure repayment as you may well be aware of from some of my previous clients. You have one week from the reception of this letter to either reignite my passion for your culinary arts or pay off your debts to me in full. Let’s hope for both of us you make the right choices, it’d be a shame to spoil such a wonderful talent as you. The words struck deep for the small hyena as his mind raced of the horror stories of people who were in his situation that failed to make good on their debts. Disappearances, mergers, buyouts, and rumors of back-alley experiences that no one seemed to have recollection of happening or were too afraid to tell. “Challenger Jay your fight is up next\! Please make final preparations and make your way to main arena for tonight’s matchup\!” blared from the speaker in the corner of the room. Jay stood up and straightened his shorts and turned again toward Maou. “No worries, man\! We’re gonna win this fight, and no big scary old rabbit is going to scare us\!” He placed a gloved hand on the hyena’s shoulder, but despite the outward confidence the look of worry in Jay’s eyes showed his worry and uneasiness. He had known nothing about his opponent or if he even stood a chance with his lack of extensive training or experience. Doubt plagued his mind while being masked by the will to instill confidence in to his friend who dearly needed it. Jay made his way down the hallway to the arena with Maou listed as his couch and Vic as his benefactor for the fight following close behind him. The lights became brighter as they entered the main arena and the roars of the crowd overwhelmed the three as the barely made it to the ring as attendees tried to grab at them. The red panda entered into the octagon style ring and squinted to see the other side of the ring for his opponent. Through the bright lights he barely made out another red panda seemingly female that looked as if she were around middle-aged, sitting definitely well past her prime with her side turned to the ring being prepped by her manager. Jay turned his head back slightly toward his corner “Is she, my opponent? That old lady? I knew this was supposed to be an easy fight but this just looks unfair.” to Vic. The tiger slid his finger around as his tablet and flicked it around for a bit and then nodded. “Yeah, she’s it. No stats on her. Just that she’s in her late 40’s and a red panda like you. Everything else is either corrupted data from this dumb document or listed as unavailable. Just kick her ass so we can go home, this place reeks of frat bros and poor people.” Jay closed his eyes and turned back forward while taking a deep breath to calm his nerves. The moment his eyes reopened his opponent loomed well above him staring him down with malicious intent as her shadow stretched well into his corner. “Standing in for the original opponent tonight who had to be replaced due to unknown circumstances\! It’s Desiree\! Everyone’s favorite loving grandma\! Or is she?\! We witnessed her before in this very ring send her opponents straight into the stands or if they’re lucky a body bag\! Standing at a staggering Fifteen feet tall, and a hefty 4100lbs at last weigh in\! She’s a brickhouse you don’t want to run into\! Now for the poor guy standing in front of her\! It’s Jay\! I have no idea who the hell he is, but for his sake I’d back out now\! Standing at 5’7’’ and weighing in at fuck all he’s an amateur looking to prove himself in what may be his first and probably last fight\!” The eccentric gray mink announcers’ introductions didn’t help matters for Jay as the crowd had already counted him out with jeers and chants for his swift end. Jay now mortified of the behemoth who stood before him, and even though he had no immediate recollection of her she was unmistakably familiar to him as if they had met in a past life. “You may not know me, but I know you fuck meat\!” she snarled. The familiarity and coldness of her voice stunning him in place forcing to try and remember who she was but before he could figure it out, he was knocked dazed to the ground. Desiree had hit him with devastating left knee to the face just as the bell went off to start the fight. “What a nasty start to the fight\! This might be over as soon as it started\!” The announcer almost sounded as if he were worried for Jay after the hit, but the match was going to continue. Jay opened his eyes staring down at Desiree’s feet as Maou and Vic yelled into the ring for him to stand up growing louder as the ringing in his ears began to dissipate. Before he could stand to respond he was rising from the mat not by his own will but by his tail. He lurched back and forth in tremendous pain as he felt the grip turn the bones within shatter and dislocate as his weight was trying to separate his tail from his spine. Soon his body spun now face to face with Desiree who breathed heavy against face as the humid hot air filled his face. “Fight me, I hate being bored.” Desiree slung him in a forward swing sending him in flips back to is corner as he stood upright by sheer luck impacting into padded pylon splintering the wood beneath it. He wasn’t standing up on his own, but nonetheless he was still upright. The impact knocked him back to his senses feeling a rush of adrenaline pumping through his veins he rushed the behemoth red panda with all he had. Punching and kicking with all of his might with the stance of a veteran kickboxer. His confidence increased as he continued landing blows one after another in consistent succession. As he began to tire, he stopped for a moment taking a breath after putting all he had into the brief display of fighting prowess. A loud and disinterested yawn came from above as Desiree was unphased by Jay’s confident flurry of blows bringing down her massive fist down like a hammer straight to the top of his skull resulting in a gruesome crack that silenced the entire arena. In Jay’s few moments of being in the zone and the spotlight of the moment he had committed a grave error. Desiree was bored. Soon after the massive red panda came down full-weight with her elbow into Jay’s spine that sent waves of static down his lower body as if went offline. Moments later he’d be tossed around the ring like a ragdoll puppet as Desiree continued into a devastating assault pummeling Jay’s body well into submission from corner to corner. “Where’s that fire from earlier huh?\! You were in the ZONE\!” she yelled among the still silent crowd. She swung him upright into her corner not giving a moment reprieve as she followed up smashing her massive ass into his body trapping him between her towering sweaty cheeks and the pylon struggling not to give way. Desiree ground her ass against the pinned red panda as if a bear using a tree as a scratching post and after a few grueling minutes she let up turning to lift his flaccid soaked body by the scruff of his neck. He clung to consciousness like a wet paper bag filled with oranges barely able to hold any sense he could to staying awake. She slung him back to the ground with a violent slam staring face up to the blinding lights of the cat walks above. The crowd began to make an uproar once again as the announcer broke the silence. “This is folks\! While the little guy put a fight. This might be a wrap\!” Jay with what little left he had breathed a sigh of relief believing that the match was finally over and his nightmare could finally end. Though this train of thought was cut short as the large round towering mass that was Desiree splashed down from several feet up on top of him resulting in several loud snaps being drowned out by the sound of the impact of her landing on the mat thundering throughout the arena. She slowly got to her feet with the smaller red panda lodged in her the cleavage of her attire. She stared down Jay’s corner at the both terrified Vic and Maou as she picked her prize from her breasts pulling off her top and bottom attire letting her rolls and throbbing mass of a cock free from their constricting prisons. She forced Jay’s limp body onto the tip of the cock ass first squelching it into his insides as it struggled at first to get through, but forced its way in as she pulled his body down by his waist fitting it snug within him. Her bulge was very much visible and present as his body warped around it as Jay made disturbing contortions waking him from his comatic state as he was being used as a cheap masturbation toy. She continues her thrusts and grunts before leaning forward clenching around Jay’s frame with both of her hands thrusting into him like a bull in a breeding stall. The rolls of her body rippled back and forth as her grip tightened and dug into his flesh as if giving herself a very passionate wank. Jay continued his spasms and contortions between bursts of his lower half coming in and out of paralysis as the beastly woman rearranged his entire body over and over. For a slight moment there was a reprieve as if to show mercy for the smaller red panda for all he had gone though, but there was no mercy to be had here. Desiree reared her titanic hips back as her shaft slicked out then smashed it back in like a battering ram into the ruined man. Her wrinkled sack clenched as veins could be seen as it began pumping its load. Jay felt a welling in the back of his throat of a thick ooze that had a lumpy texture that radiated heat like if fresh oatmeal had sat in his stomach. He attempted to cover his mouth as it continued to rise filling his cheeks with the disgusting sludge and as the pressure became too much to bear it erupted from his mouth vomiting to the floor beneath him. She moved her hand to cover his mouth as her nuts clenched fiercely once again as she pumped into him again filling him like a water balloon until backfired out his rear onto her feet and oozed from all of his open orifices. The scene clear as day to his corner as Vic covered his eyes, unable to process what she was currently witnessing, remembering back to his days where this was common practice in his home kingdom. Servants, and former advisors being raped to death by their superiors whether it was for a crime or simply being born male. Maou by contrast couldn’t take his eyes off of the scene trapped in a state of confusion and lust as his closest friend was being defiled like a cheap sock during a quick wank. At the same time, he felt some type of lust for the mass of a woman. Something about her size, commanding presence, and sheer ruthlessness to her opponents aroused him so much that he had a small erection from the thoughts. Desiree’s rampage came to an end as cum continued to spew from his ears and nose sliding off her mass as she let go with disturbing squelch before plopping to the ground beaten, broken, and ruined almost beyond recognition. She picked him again by his tail, but the only reaction this time was a whimper of despair that wasn’t audible to either himself or his rapist before him. Her jaw opened wide, aiming his face directly into her mouth as the strands of saliva connected the upper and lower jaw being torn once the tongue extended free going past the chin. Jay slowly was lowered into her mouth as the side of his face came in contact with the rigid buds that covered her tongue then dropped on it as his front was coated with the stick saliva. Desiree lurched her head forward and back as she choked him down like a bird with a small rodent letting the weight of his body pull him further as he approached the humid space in the back of her throat panting onto his face with the wet hot air. Without hesitation she slurped him down as her maw closed shut back to staring down Vic and Maou in their corner as she swallowed nice and slow letting the impression of Jay’s body roll down her neck and out of view down past her cleavage. She grabbed her gut and shook it a bit as she reveled for a brief time with her newest meal. “Well, I don’t need to spell it out for ya folks, we have our winner\! By lethal knock-out it’s Desiree\! All remaining competitors, and their accompanying staff please exit the ring so we can clean up to the next title card\!” Desiree exited the ring as her mass wobble and sloshed around walking with heavy pride back to the locker room. Maou turned to Vic as he turned to go back to their room empty-handed. “I think we should go…and follow her back to her room and get Jay back.” The shakiness in his voice putting his fear and hesitation in full display. Vic looked down back at him with an expression of concern knowing full well what they just witnessed, but knew that Maou was desperate to help his friend. He grimaced knowing that there was nothing he could say to change the hyena’s mind, and that he wouldn’t stand a chance on his own against any guards or let alone Desiree if he went alone. They turned toward the opposite locker room as Vic shadowed the much smaller hyena past the jeering crowd shouting food jokes and chants at them as the finally made their way to the locker room doors. “Hyper’s Only. Norm’s enter at your own risk.” Vic looked back down at Maou who was shaking in cowardice more than before. “You sure about this Maou? We can turn around now and just ask for his remains later. We’ll even get him cloned or something and get him back to normal\!” Maou stared back up at the door undeterred by Vic’s last-ditch proposals. “I have to do this…maybe we can trade her. Jay lost so I can’t repay my debts, so what if we gave her our participation money y’know in exchange for protection? She’s big…and really strong so maybe we can come out of this with something, and find another way to get Jay back.” Maou pushed his fingers together into an arching motion. “Even if it takes a while.” Vic raised an eyebrow at Maou’s last statement and let out an annoyed sigh pushing the door open as the moved inside letting the door gently close behind him. They were met with a strong heavy musk that filled their nostrils almost instantly. The air was thick like a smog although the visibility in front of them was still somewhat clear. They searched around the front area of the locker, but there was no sign of anyone in sight so they continued deeper past the area where the smog became denser and harder to see. Within another few minutes they reached the back of the locker rooms leading to the source of the smog. “Coming to try and save your friend? Or maybe snuck in for an autograph?” The built and massively obese red panda woman emerged from the smog doused in sweat covered in only a very loosely wrapped towel. “So? Pipe up boys. Not only are you boring me, you’re interrupting my post-meal soak.” Maou staring at the ground now front and center of Desiree “We came to, bargain with you to get our friend back\! Or hire you as a bodyguard.” Desiree smirked at the hyena’s boldness. Her gaze moved to Vic towering behind but still smaller by comparison to her. “And you? His bodyguard? No.” Vic tried to interject but was interrupted. “Nah, with those birthing hips. Couldn’t be the boy toy. You look well to do, probably got connections. You’re the benefactor, aren’t you?” Vic looked to the side blushing at Desiree’s comments about him and his wide hips. He spoke up. “We are here to get Jay, or what’s left of him. Maybe like Maou mentioned to pay for protection services from you from some people he owes money to.” Desiree’s eyes opened slightly wider beneath her lightly fogged glasses as the name Maou crossed her mind. She placed a finger along the frame of her glasses and as if on command all of the doors surrounding the room clicked with an audible thud trapping them with no escape. “My my what a mistake you boys have made. Maou isn’t it?” She stared down as if she could see through his pink and brown fringe that covered eyes. “You owe my boss, rather my Mistress, a lot of dough and blew it catastrophic fashion.” She removed her towel revealing her once again naked form revealing her larger waistline having fully digested her meal before. She gripped the petrified Maou by the top of his and turned him toward Vic who was desperately slamming the doors trying to get away slamming his fists against the steel doors. “See him? He’s trying to abandon you to save himself, but once I’m done with you little cutie. I’ll deal with him.” Desiree slowly stomped near Vic reaching out with her free hand grabbing him by the tail dragging both him and Maou back to the sauna where she was enjoying her soak. She tossed the hyena on to the wooden bench quickly placing the full weight of her massive body down on to his small brown frame. Maou forcefully now wedged between the sweat soaked cheeks could no longer see only able to hear the churning and bubbling happening within Desiree’s guts. The musk from the damp space filled Maou’s nostrils stinging the follicles within as the unbearable smell permeated in. Though over the next few moments the stings became less and less and he became accustomed to the smell. Slowly his thoughts began to melt away only able to concentrate on the massive cheeks encompassing him. He began to drown in the damp atmosphere lapping up the salted nectar completely uncaring of his straining body slowly giving way to the enormous weight upon as the mounds began to move back and forth as if grinding him into the seat. Desiree felt as Maou’s erection pressed against the underside of her inner thigh snickering at its small size barely able to notice beneath her layers of fat and muscle. She began to lean back smushing Maou’s face right against the large puffed ring that was her anus. The smell intensified for the small hyena as the noxious fumes began to tickle his brain making him whine and twitch in pure ecstasy until finally achieving an orgasm. As his face pressed against the large pucker he felt as though it was a loving kiss that slowly became more aggressive pulling him in slightly deeper. His head became engulfed within the pillow-like round opening. Desiree curled her bottom lip beneath her teeth as she slowly felt Maou begin to slowly slip into her lower bowels. “Fucking hell, little runt is a better toy than he is a cook.” Her cock now stood erect once staring down Vic of whom she had stripped down during Maou’s befriending of her backside. Vic stared down at the throbbing mass as it pulsated and throbbed against his face giving it a grotesque look. “You just gonna stare at it? Get to work bitch.” She reached slightly forward grabbing at the top of Vic’s head as his mouth pursed up protesting the act. Her tip pressed against them until they finally began to pry open taking advantage of the sudden opening while also losing her patience forcing the glans inside his mouth dislocating his jaw in the process. She continued to press down as the sounds from the dislocation and squelching from the forced fit was causing her to become more and more aroused. Vic’s throat eventually gave way as his head was violently slammed with the continued guidance of her hand now moved to the back his head spitting up and gasping to what little air he could. He slapped at her thighs as much as he could in vain that she’d show the mercy that was never displayed before, but as she held him down at the base of her shaft with face obscured with her forest of crotch fluff. The slapping became weaker, and the convulsion became less and less frequent with each passing moment. She now feeling that he’d finally been broken began sliding him back and forth in a repeating slow motion that gradually increased the further Maou slipped inside her from behind. “That’s a good rich boy, all of you wealthy ones were born to be cock sluts anyway. Size doesn’t matter for you as your massive ass doesn’t make you an exception.” Vic’s face began reeking of sweat and cock stink while the makeup that coated his looks now running so much that he was unrecognizable by his face. Desiree’s pace sharply increased as he cock was coated in the dark lip gloss Vic was known now smeared across it and lubed by his tears, snot, saliva, and vomit. With the increased quickness Vic’s face began to slam into her crotch causing his skull to crack from the repeated impact as Maou finally fully slipped entirely inside of her guts as they wasted no time mulching and churning him down. Her metabolism was now in overdrive being powered by her rampant lust and a new meal being swallowed into her. The crunch of bones within her caused her to be absolutely drunk with ecstasy. Continuing her assault on Vic’s face almost unable to control herself while he himself becomes drunk off of her musk completely losing his sense of self before being pulled off and turned around. Desiree pressed her glans against Vic’s asshole giving no time as she did the front for it to try and give way and plunged right as the shaft began to expand making it difficult for her to fully hilt. Soon that also no longer matter as with a quick aggravated thrust it burst past Vic’s hips shattering them in the process causing him to yowl as the pain brought him back to his own senses. She gripped both of his cheeks, fully filling each of her hands as her belly rested on his back pressing down on the already shattered hips. Vic like Jay before him could no longer feel his hips as she plowed into them with violent fervor going into a near bestial primitive state trying to finally sate that burning feeling that her cock burned for. Suddenly she stopped holding Vic’s hip as if for dear life as her cock finally released and her balls clenched their hardest as she flooded Vic’s insides. This time there was no warning of the impending flood and he began to vomit up the familiar yellow sludge onto the floor as it began to turn into a foot high pile of the sludge. Desiree was reduced to feral grunts and quick violent bursts of thrusting as she let loose inside of him before letting him slide off face first into the pile of cum beneath as his head completely engulfed in it. After a few short hard breathes she looked down at Vic limp in the pile and brought him over to a nearby masseuse table. She dropped him down onto it with a thud while Vic’s mind was trying to come to the reality that he was no longer being defiled. He felt a strange sensation as Desiree had leaned over and began massaging his softened flesh feeling as though his body was mending itself back together between her hands almost like putty. He didn’t dare look in her direction or attempt to make eye contact and just accepted that this might just be his lucky break. Desiree’s biceps flexed as she leaned her elbow into his spine bringing back to its original state while the blissful feeling was enough to lure Vic into a nice slumber. “Time to make you actually worth something.” Desiree whispered into his sleeping ear. When Vic awoke, he tried to get in a stretch after the seemingly awful nightmare he thought he had but couldn’t manage to feel his arms. He tried again thinking it may be sleep paralysis. No response. He panned his vision around noticing he was still in the familiar sauna before looking down and noticing his arms were no longer there let alone his legs. He now realized that his entire lower body was that of a toilet bowl. Vic attempted to scream but only the gurgling of water in the bowl was the result. “Bout’ time you woke up.” That low chilling voice all too familiar with him came from above as Desiree loomed over him. “Time to get some worth out of ya.” She turned around presenting the ass that'd grown once again and brought it down with a thunderous thud upon the seat. Vic’s sight became blocked out as it became only her red back side and a small view of her massive tail. She adjusted herself rocking back and forth until she was in a more comfortable position. “Time to reunite you with your ‘shitty’ friends”. She moaned out. Her gut rumbled and jiggled waves all the way across her back and the porcelain began to creak under the strain of her weight. The gargantuan red cheeks clenched and released as they dropped heavy plops that struck the bottom of the bowl. Vic’s eyes rolled back as he could taste and feel the vile waste weigh heavy as if it were in his mouth. Not long after the clenching became more and more powerful but also strained as she gripped down on her thighs forcing out Maou’s remains that were entombed in the hot brown shit. Soon the bowl was becoming full and reaching past its designed limits as it became backed up and packed into Vic’s lower pipe. She stopped, lifted herself, and turned back around attempting to flush him but the sound of the shit lodging itself was its only response. Vic was clogged. Vic felt as if he were choking on the unnaturally heavy scat logs whimpering as he felt Desiree removing the lid of the tank that served as his head. “Well you won’t flush and I still gotta go. So time to fill that head of yours since you don’t use it for anything else.” Desiree growled. She spread her legs into a wide stance as she straddled the top of the Vic themed before sitting down on the opening letting the flood gates free again of the vile brown sludge that was now a bit looser than before. Vic’s mind shattered as his filled with shit. No thoughts, only the pressure becoming greater as his memories were erased and sense of self became only “Toilet”. Her weight combined with the load became too much to bear as she leaned up off the top overflowing the sludge into the bowl below. The bowl collapsed beneath the tremendous weight and density coated in a continuing growing pile of bones caked in her poo then before long the tank followed suit leaving a pile of broken porcelain, shit, and whatever remains from her previous meals. Though even though she felt as if she weren’t done, there was a feeling that something was stopped up and wedged in her asshole. Maou and Jay’s skull were stuck wedge within the walls pressing against each other as the eye sockets oozed the brown filth being forced out of them and with a swift and powerful clench she shattered and ended her exaggerated bowel moved as it laid atop the mass as if it were a ‘cherry on top’. Her obese frame swayed as she stretched and admired her daily additional weight gain. She looked down at her pile of sportswear and curled a devious smile. She waved her hands at the pile of filth in the floor as if guiding the souls of the boys into them as she stretched the intentionally sized too small garments on. The fabric strained, groaned and whimpered under the intense weight and pressure almost as if they knew and felt every move she made as she made her way out of the locker room. “I’m never letting you all go. Now let’s see if you make it home.” She cackled.