The moon began to set across the city skyline as the street and neon lights signaled the beginning of nightlife along the city blocks. Streets became lined with the best and worst the city had to offer of rundown city blocks juxtaposed with wealthy and well off entering the shopping plazas and late-night restaurants. Recently released from an emergency gene rebuild clinic. The small red panda’s recent encounters within the city were less than pleasant. Very little he could recollect as to why he was there in the first place. His memory was a bit fuzzy as he texted a close friend of his whom recently opened a new bar and grill on the Lower West Side. It brought a smile to his face that his friend finally made it in the fine dining industry. 

Distracted by the small elation of the achievement he suddenly collided in what felt like a moving wall against his body but a cushion against his head before bouncing back into ground. Stood before him almost unnoticing the person that collided with him was a large lagomorph of near two and half times his stature looking down at him with a crooked smile. “What’s your name?” came from the giant. The meek red panda scrambled to his feet trying to reply a fast as he could. “My name is J---” the rabbit interrupted “Not important, don’t care.” As the rabbit swiftly squatted down to eye level. “I’m Jaya Von-Brutali. You know that one family who basically runs this city?” Jay shook his head unknowing of anyone in Suplex City. “I don’t know of---” before he could finish his sentence again Jaya cut him off. “No one told you to speak. You speak when I tell you to.” He leaned his face toward Jay decorated with cosmetics, and smoother than the finest of silk. He removed an expensive looking device from his pocket and smashed it on the ground beneath his pumps. “You just broke my new phone. It costs forty-five thousand credits. How are you gonna pay me back little man?” Jay reached frantically into his pocket and fished his wallet shaking as to pay off the intimidating rabbit as quickly as he could, but it’s quickly snatched away by the large lagomorph. “Hmm…” Jaya dangled the wallet pinched between his fingers as the contents spilled on to the marble sidewalk below. “Damn. Small, weak, and broke. My my. You are one unlucky shit huh?  So, you’re just gonna run into one of the most prestigious members of this wondrous city and break his phone without even the slightest of monetary remorse?” 

Jay’s face quickly began to go pale before the bombardment of statements of the rabbit getting clear in his face. “Please\! I didn’t mean to…I’ll do whatever to pay it off.” Jaya put on a sinister smirk as he leaned in with barely a hair of space between them. “Anything? Oh my. Finally growing a pair, are we? Or is it a bluff to save your own skin?” He leaned in more breathing on to the red panda’s face as Jaya tried to turn his head away. “An-anything\!” he stammered feeling the heat and slight mist of the rabbit’s mouth. Jaya stood back to his feet adjusting his studded belt then pulled out a much newer looking model of the device that was “broken”. Taking a picture of Jaya before sliding it into his cleavage. “You try to escape or any of that dumb shit, you’re gonna have a half mil bounty on your head. Gotta protect my assets y’know. Now come along and follow me, and do keep up as I might accidentally post your bounty.”

He walked with a stride rivaling those of the most well-known of runway models as if were put to its own soundtrack. While Jay traveled quickly behind having to near jog to keep up with the larger strides making sure to keep his head down as to not be noticed if he wasn’t already. They continued down through the maze of city blocks passing by all walks of life that gave Jay a look of remorse or shame as if they knew his fate before it even had a chance to happen. Sullen expressions of despair, smirks of malice, and subtle expressions warning him to get a way while he still could. 

A brave passerby, a member of the local law enforcement brought a bit of hope to the average red panda’s face. “Sir, are you holding this other man hostage? You know that’s a violation of city law, right?” The officer gave a slight hand gesture to Jay as if he’d be ok while staring up at Jaya’s stature. Jaya narrowed his eyes down at the much shorter officer. “You must be new one aren’t ya. Little scrawny to be on the force ain’t ya? Especially if you have the bravado to stop me for such a false accusation. I’d make the suggestion that you kindly move out of my way but, I understand that pigs have a price so name yours. Bacon bit.” The officer a ferret who indeed didn’t strike much fear into anyone stood taught and shook her head in disapproval. “I’m sorry sir but I am an officer of the law and I cannot be bought. You may have all the money in the city but it doesn’t place you above the law. Now if you let him go, I won’t have to take you down to the---” Jaya grabbed the ferret and shoved her head quickly into his mouth cutting her off annoyed with whatever she had to say. Jay watched in horror as the now thrashing body of the officer was slurped down like a noodle into the black and blue glossed lips until she was no more than a bulge for a brief moment along the front of his neck. “For a new pig, sure didn’t taste that great but whatever. Should have checked who the fuck she was talking to before she became a protein bar.”

Jay looked up at Jaya mortified as he turned his gaze back down at him with a look of uncaring neutrality. “Call the cops, and they’ll wind up like her. Pigs that eat slop and don’t know their place become slop for the sewer rats. I don’t think I need to explain to you how the digestive system works. Unless you want to join her on her last tour ‘duty’.” Jaya snickered has Jay’s faced wrenched in terror and fear before resuming his stride with Jay in tow. Jay mortified as the poor cop didn’t even so much as make a bulge in the large rabbit’s stomach as if he hadn’t eaten anything at all. Her pleas and screams muffled by the chiseled walls of his abdomen only audible to those so close in proximity that they’d have the high probability of being the next ‘fuck around and find out’ special. Jay being the only one in the closest range of Jaya stared down to the pavement below as he walked having no choice but to hear the sounds of churning and agonizing fearing that he may well be next.

A few more corners of stares and purposeful ignorance of passersby. They soon arrived within the suburbs to several story house with walls that resembled glass that displayed the contents of the home clear as day. Jaya motioned Jay to the front of him to the large black doors complimented by gold handles and a biometric lock. “Move in front, I don’t want you running off the moment I step through the door.” He leaned over Jay placing his massive hand on to the screen. The door made a series of clicks followed by a large “THUNK\!” as the deadbolt came free. Jaya pulled it open with what seemed like ease, but was clearly heavier by the size of the locking bolts seen within the door. “Get in. Don’t make me say it twice.”  Jay entered the home paralyzed immediately as he stepped in basking at the décor of the space. Marble floors and accented gold trim on everything from the living space furniture to the high ceiling chandeliers as if he stepped straight into a modern take of *The Great Gatsby*. 

He quickly was brought back to reality as the door automatically shut behind him almost catching his slacked tail behind him. The red panda almost forgot the reason why he was he here and what had transpired before as if nothing happened until a shout came from the balcony above him. “Hurry your ass up, you’re not a guest here. Unless you want to be the new paint job in the kitchen sink. I suggest you get a move on.” Jaya was leaned over glass paned railing staring down in annoyance as he pointed a finger toward the spiral staircase that led to the next floor. Jay scuffled his way over making sure to hustle up to Jaya more afraid of what secret the house held if he didn’t comply in timely fashioned. Jaya plucked him up by the scruff of the red panda’s neck and carried him over to a nearby guest room.

Unlike the atrium of the building the bedroom was fairly modern and minimalistic in style. A double-sized California king bed with attached black stained wood nightstands on both sides accompanied by a floral-patterned spread and duvets. To the side of the room a while upholstered chaise lounge adorned with onyx sheened buttons. On the opposite side an opening to an open master bathroom with a glass shower and marble counter top double vanity. Jaya tossed his top aside onto the lounge and made an opposite way to the bathroom. “If you want to increase your chances of survival, I’d suggest something a little more than gawking at the lifestyle of your obvious betters. Maybe you should try making yourself more presentable or make an escape plan. Whatever it is you small prey types do.” Jay thought in the back of his mind that the rabbits’ words were correct and if he should try and escape while he could. He did come into this place without much as hesitation even if it was a fine mix of fear and awe. Quickly those bright blue eyes scanned the surroundings looking for anything that may look like a way out. Not too far from the nightstand a slightly opened window and from the looks of it might be his only option. 

He took a deep breath and made a dash for the window before it shut automatically in front of him and a loud slam of the door behind him effectively sealing him in the room. Jay mounted the window frame trying to pry it open with all of his might, but it wouldn’t budge. Nevertheless, he persevered for a few minutes before Jaya came out of the bathroom with his face fully done with eyeliner and bright lipstick grabbing around Jay’s waist pulling him away from the windowsill with relative ease. “You idiot. You literally could have just run out of the damn door. C’est la vie. Too bad yours is about to be much less respected.” Jay quickly tossed to the bed by the nude bright colored behemoth. “Disrobe. Now. My patience is running very thin from your lack of survival skills.” Jay didn’t quite understand what he meant and just froze staring Jaya down from head to waist stopping at the throbbing gradient monster that sat between the tree trunk like thighs. The rabbit’s eyes narrowed his voice becoming more annoyed and upset in tone. “Are you daft?\! Take off your clothes or would you rather we just cut the foreplay and just go primal?” The red panda looked to his left and right and froze in place before the behemoth before him. 

Jaya now frustrated reached over catching the back of Jay’s head and pressing his face against his pulsating mass lightly pressing the tip against the trembling lips. “Well then, instead of a sensual lovemaking we’re just gonna throw caution to the wind. Fine by me.” He pulled the smaller male onto the edge of the bed and leaned forward finally breaking through the fragile guard of Jay’s mouth forcing it wide. The smaller male slapped against the tree trunk like legs as the mass progressed further into his throat but only was met with more force. By the end of the first thrust the weakened jaws pop and distend into an awkward position while the larger male curled his lower lip. His hips pulling back slowly as if response to the slaps before slamming back down with more force than before. A slow rhythm began to form as he continued forming more of a thickening layer of saliva, snot, and other bodily fluids making it easier to pick up a pace. 

Before long the slow grind transitioned into a brisker pace not giving Jay a chance to breathe through his nose between thrusts any longer. He struggled to get air where he could become light-headed from the ongoing assault onto his face. Jaya for a moment stopped pulling out watching Jay spill his guts onto the floor in front of him. “Poor baby\~ You couldn’t even hold down your lunch. That’s just too bad. Not to mention you did it on my wonderful marble floors. Shame. I’ll just have to put it on your tab tonight. Hope your sturdy.” He grabbed Jay this time on to bed but his head just barely off the edge off the bed going back to business as usual into slamming his cock back into the now loosened throat.

The massive white sack sloppily battering Jay’s face with each now much more forceful thrust with both of the rabbit’s hands holding the head in place. Jay more increasingly nauseous and light-headed wanted to vomit again but this time would prove detrimental to his efforts being either pushed back down or being forcibly stamped onto his already soaked and slimy face. The feeling of dread quickly overwhelmed him as his nostrils clogged shut with bodily debris now thrashing about to get any way to get air. The thrusting only became stronger and more powerful with each ensuing press completely ignorant for the life beneath the pulsating mass. Jay started to have a feeling as if small sparks were going off in his head each one sharper than the last. His throat muscles quickly contracting down on the cock nearly seizing it in place at full hilt.

A brief reprieve from the onslaught was only met with the gurgling sounds of clenching from the massive sack now resting on Jay’s face pumping heavy loads into the now grossly dislocated jaw down into the slow inflating abdomen. Held there for what felt like a longer eternity that only lasted a few minutes the massive shaft pulled free of the twitching red panda as bubbles formed over his face now somewhat able to take in air again. Jaya kneeled down next to Jay’s face moving in close to the expressionless mess. “My, I did a real number on that pretty face and here I was thinking that you were just another hideous vermin. You look prettier when you’re a cum gurgling mess. May even make a woman out you.” He sneered. “Let me be a good sugar daddy and help you up.” Jaya pulled the smaller male up by their shoulders then wrapped his arms under each thigh and with Jay none the wiser or possibly conscious was held in a full nelson. “Poor girl, all tuckered out too? That just won’t do.” 

The rabbit lowered Jay and thrusted his hips forward and up punching straight into the small cheeks deep in guts. Jolted awake by the sensation of pain Jay let out a guttural scream that sounded more feminine than masculine as he would have before. “Oh\! Wonderful\! ***TIME TO REARRANGE YOUR GUTS SISSY.***” The loud squelch of Jaya’s cock forcing itself to fit within Jay’s innards echoing throughout the room. The onslaught began once more as the large male didn’t bother with starting slow but electing going full out on the red panda’s ass. His massive balls tenderizing Jay’s much smaller manhood under their superior proportions forcing them to ejaculate in small quantity dribbling down serving as lube. Jaya’s grip tightened pressing the red panda’s head deep into the cleavage of his sizeable pecs as sweat drenched Jay’s hair and upper torso. The smell stinging his slightly cleared nostrils with the intoxicating pheromones exuded by his captor causing conflicts in his troubled and breaking mind not helped by his prostate being mashed into an afterthought. Screams that once was the only noise he made became mixed with moans of pleasure and dread. Thoughts becoming harder and harder by each passing moment Jay struggled with keeping any rational idea of possibly escaping. 

The behemoth of a rabbit began nibbling playfully on his just enough to not draw blood, but send mixed signals to his victim on whether this was lovemaking or just plain rape. The former becoming more overwhelming in Jay’s mind. “You’re a good cock socket. You don’t need to be a man anymore. Just think about it. All of this cock you could ever want.” Jaya whispered into his ears. He then loosened his grip tossing Jay on to the bed following with him grabbing the trembling as he pushed Jay’s head into the pillow with his thrusts at the end of the bed. Leaning in pressing his lips against Jay’s invading his tongue into the tight throat as if the red panda were being penetrated from both ends tasting the fruits of his ‘labor’ before. 

The pace very different from before now more akin to actual lovemaking instead of brutish force with each thrust slowly and methodical but still just as devasting from the sheer power behind them. Jaya freed an arm from behind one of the thighs moving it to Jay’s face forcefully pursing the lips as he pulled free leaving a thick trail of a saliva. “Go on. Say it. Say who- No. *What.* You want to be. Do it, or I will make sure your kind is one closer to extinction.” His words sultry, sensual, carrying much weight behind them. Though Jay attempted to reply his words sputtered from his dislocated and broken jaw. “P-p-fffl-e—ase I wan-sssts tuh bliv\!” Jay tried his best pleading for whatever allowed him to live. Jaya looking down at him with a crooked smile lowered his head leaving kiss marks from his cyan and black striped lipstick mocking on the white chest emblem. “You want to live? Is that what I heard? You want to be Daddy’s perfect little sissy wife?” Jay nodded his head rapidly as best as he could feeling the vertebrae in his neck painfully relocate and dislocated from the motion alone. Jaya’s eyes widened with a crazed glow pulling himself out of Jay’s insides within an instant. ***“PERFECT. THEN LET’S MAKE IT OFFICIAL YOU LITTLE SWEAT HUFFING FAGGOT.”***

Jaya dropped his heavy hard cock on top of Jay’s almost instantly pulverizing it under its mass before sliding back and inserting the small tip engulfing it within the head. Slowly shrinking the already small genitalia even smaller as the large cock meat pulsated and gained girth until red panda’s dicklette was no more now resembling a makeshift cunt. Leaving a cyan diamond at the base of the crotch above it marking him as Jaya’s. He cackled at Jay’s now battered expression of despair only able to make moans and noises that resembled words from his destroyed frame. “Let’s give the new girl some hips, shall we?” Jaya straddled Jay’s waist trapping it between his thighs slowly crushing them into an hour glass shape as Jay shrieked at such a high pitch the mirror on the end-stand beside cracked from the near perfect soprano resonance. Jaya clearly unaffected by the sound getting riling him up more than it being a nuisance. 

The hips grinding against his inner thighs sending shivers of arousal tingling throughout his entire being. Jaya stood up on the bed pulling Jay up by his hair before gripping each arm in each hand pressing his now veiny mass against Jay’s back. “Let’s also fixed that wretched posture of yours\!” He pulled back on the arms forcing the cock shaft recurve the spine in what sounded light a grotesque vertebrae xylophone from top to bottom causing Jay to lose his breath mid screech as every nerve ending of his being going off at once being unable to jerk back into its usual resting positions now permanently in new resting positions.

Jaya letting an arm go moving it to the side of Jay’s head turn a fuzzy ear toward the tip. “Now for the final touches. Good fagwives don’t need to think for themselves. You won’t die though. Much worse. Well for you that is. Say goodbye to your old life as the weak meek boyfag for your useless girlfriend.” Jaya snapped his fingers as a small camera floated forward in the shape with lop ears like his own with a blue blinking light as if it were recording. He teased his pre-covered tip against the soggy fur of the inner ear slowing crunching it in as the red panda’s body visibly protested the unwanted intrusion. The sensation of crumbling skull and bone sending Jaya into a frenzy before fully committing and smashing Jay’s brain in all directions against the skull walls grinding his hips into the motion mashing the grey matter into a fine pulp as the camera did a close up of Jay’s face and Jaya’s remaining shaft and sack. The shaft began to pulsate once more but, in the opposite direction as if it were swallowing back to the sack gulping down what was once thoughts, hopes, and aspirations now just feed for the sperm within the sagging cauldrons.

The light slowly faded from the red panda’s eyes and what was once a nice bright shade of blue turned to faded and darkened navy. Within moments Jaya leaned Jay’s head away from him while the balls now clenched and the shaft clearly pumping the thick cum back into Jay’s skull leaking out the opposite in grotesque chunks. He pulled out as if to make once last humiliation still very much throbbing grabbed around Jay’s now newly made hourglass waist pushing his cock deep into the newly formed pussy of the now very limp sissy pumping it well beyond capacity as the obscenely thick chunks and ooze filled Jay’s newly made cavity squelching and making noises as if it were an empty stomach.

After a few minutes Jaya’s orgasm finally ended leaving Jay a morbidly distended abdomen letting him fall to back to the bed with a sickening plop. Jay’s head slowly rewiring its own connections through their newly made mind twitched and moaned as he began to make words again. “D—aaa---dd—y” Jaya snickered as he grabbed the camera letting it now to upload the footage to all of Jay’s known connections and a few of the more taboo adult sites on the web. Coupling them an image of a large gold ring around his cock carrying the caption of “New wife. Let’s see how long this one lasts.” Followed with a date. From walking the streets of the city block to now the boywife of a powerful stranger’s massive cock. 