An empty car ride wasn’t what Jay needed right now but it’s what he was putting himself through. His brain was speeding even faster than his car as his eyes kept darting down to the phone sitting silently in his passenger seat. The red panda whined to himself and picked the phone up from on top of the box of chocolates and the flowers keeping it company. He was at a red light, he could afford to see if he didn’t get a message due to driving mode being on right? 

Hey babe, sorry but I think I have to stay late.

Love you\!

Babe good news\! The meeting broke early so I can come home\!

Since it’s our anniversary tomorrow I figured we could go out and do something today\!

Thinking of stopping by the bakery,you want me to grab you anything?

Alice?

The Alice in question was a drop dead GORGEOUS bunny girl that Jay had spent the better part of the past decade head over heels for. She was bigger than him by a little bit which wasn’t exactly HARD to do given his average height but in a woman it was still rare enough that it amazed him every day. He always knew she was out of his league looks-wise but he figured he made up for it with his charming personality and boyish exuberance\! Jay flicked the text app closed and sighed as he saw his lock screen. It was a picture from last year, the two of them went to a pier and took a breathtaking picture at sunset. The pinks and purples of the sky danced and dyed the light grey fur of that beautiful woman that he loved so much, his head was tucked into her side with a big dopey smile on his face as hers was filled with the joy of a laugh.

It was probably fine. She was probably taking a nap or doing one of those hundreds of beauty-care things that she always fussed over that Jay never understood the point of. On her WORST day Alice was already a 10, the makeup and outfits she put together were more of a change to her natural beauty into something more synthetic than an enhancement. Recently too, she was a bit more attached to her look with more and more makeup and less and less clothing. Not much that Jay minded the lack of clothes, it always made him feel like the cock of the walk to be walking next to that absolute SMOKESHOW of a bunny wearing a tube top and some daisy dukes. So even with a thick layer of lipstick and a sleek flick of mascara, she made Jay’s heart flutter and his ears waggle whenever she stepped out of the bathroom ready to take him out on the town.

A honk from behind him made Jay snap out of his daydreaming, the dopey smile on his face fading into a look of contentment as he tapped his gold wedding ring on the black leather of his steering wheel. He had nothing to fear, their love was still strong, even if he was a bit of a goober and she was a super model, he made her laugh and her smile made his heart flutter. A new thought crossed Jay’s mind as he neared the turnoff to his home. ‘Maybe she’s waiting for me on the bed in that black lace she got when we were out the other day\~’ The thought made Jay squirm a little in anticipation, even if he knew that a night of intimacy would leave him like that one dried up fake alien that the government found that one time.

Come to think of it, opening the door to find a trail of rose petals wasn’t too far fetched\! Alice had been a little teasy and dismissive of him lately, leaning down to smooch his nose whenever he poked his pointer fingers together and asked for some intimacy. Her little giggle that she would give him before ruffling his head and giving him a squeeze that would push her face right into her boobs. She would always end off this little exchange by smooching his nose and smirking to him, her voice cooing with an adorable little “Not yet little man\~ But soon\~ We both want to start a family afterall right?” The thought that Alice had been making him wait to get him pent up enough to ensure they got a family started was both heartwarming and VERY hot. So hot, in fact, that Jay had to wiggle a little before standing up out of his car when he pulled into the driveway, even having to double back to remember the flowers and chocolates from how lost in his fantasies he was.

A heavy sigh left the panda’s lips as his shoulders slumped, seeing a heavily modified truck besides his wife’s car in the drive. The instant thought through his mind was the standard ‘What kinda little-dick douche would dive around in a truck that needs a step-ladder to get into?\!’ But he quickly swallowed that annoyance as he figured it was some kinda repair man or something of the sort. He groaned and threw his suit jacket over his shoulder, his fantasies dashed just as fast as they started. Maybe he could convince Alice to do something like that with him tomorrow though. He was a bit nervous about his performance in bed generally since he wasn’t packing anything to write home about and his stamina could NEVER compare to a bunny’s as problematic as that sounded. He still remembered their honeymoon fondly though she was the one enjoying all the sights and tourism staples. He was mostly just stuck to the bed either being actively ridden or too exhausted to move because of the riding from the night before.

As he got inside and hung up his jacket, Jay heard some thudding coming from inside the house. Too loud to be the washer machine and it seemed to be coming from the bedroom. Maybe Alice hired some guys to refinish the closet like they’d been talking about for so long, though the timing was simply awful. All Jay wanted to do right now was collapse into the loving arms of his wife and sigh away the day’s hardships while she petted his head and snickered at ‘How cute he looks peeking up between her boobs’ her words, not his. Maybe he could take her out to dinner, or a movie, just while the guys finished up whatever it was they were doing, that way they could have a nice evening together without hearing all that racket. Jay walked around the house, calling out for Alice as that rhythmic thudding started to annoy him, drowning out his voice as those hammers sang. 

With no response from his wife, Jay started to get angry, grumbling and scrunching his face up an annoyance before BURSTING  into his bedroom. “CAN YOU STOP FOR ONE SECOND?\! I’M TRYING TO…” Jay’s eyes were clenched shut in anger as he burst through the door but opening made the red panda’s brain short circuit. Standing in front of his bed with her head spun around and her black and white-streaked mane drooping messily over her face was a zebra woman. If that could even describe the fucking CREATURE that was standing there\! The bedroom had very high ceilings, around ten or so feet and this MONSTER of a woman had her forearm FLAT against it, bracing herself. She was fully nude, sweat slicking down her short fur to give it a glistening sheen as her other hand wiped her hair from her eyes. 

“OH\! Heya, sit down for a second over there will ya? I’m almost done, I’ll be with ya in a sec\~” Her voice was surprisingly soft and smooth for such a giant, shooting Jay a wink and sucking her teeth to “TCH” at the little panda in an oddly flirtatious way. Jay didn’t know what else to do besides listen to her, sitting in one of the lounge chairs by the book nook that he and Alice would snuggle up on sometimes. His brain was racing at a mile a minute as he watched the zebra lady smile at him before turning around. Only for the heavy THUDDING to start up again. Looking down from the zebra’s head, past her well sculpted back that glistened in the light, down to the firm, plump buns of steel that flexed with each thrust of her hips, Jay felt like he was cheating just from LOOKING at her\! While Alice has proportionally short legs and a longer torso, this zebra woman was ALL legs, her waist wide and high, her thighs carved out of fucking GRANITE for how hard they looked, the stark white stripes clawing around her sides from her back cut through the deep grey, almost black fur that coated her body. 

Allowing his eyes to drift lower in a guilty glance, Jay’s jaw damn near hit the floor as he saw a pair of BALLS\! Not only that, they were fucking HUGE\! They were like black-leather wrapped soccer balls, clenching, churning and glistening with sweat as they flicked back and forth with the borderline mechanical humping of the zebra’s hips. Even lower still, needing to look between the zebra’s calves in order to not see her giant nuts obstructing his view, there were a pair of forward-facing calves that looked just about the same. Strong, dark-furred, hooved and tapping the wooden floor to get a better grip between thudding thrusts. There were TWO giant zebra women in his house? IN HIS BEDROOM?\! FUCKING?\! FUCKING IN HIS BEDROOM?\! Jay’s head spun as none of his questions were answered, only getting more confused as the show went on. He could smell them, their sweaty bodies filling the air with the salty scent of exertion, but behind all that he could smell the subtle hint of Alice’s perfume. These giantesses were dirtying the wonderful scent of his HOME with their musk\! All so they could, what? Have sex on some stranger’s bed and leave him to clean up the mess?\! The mixing smells did have a familiar ring to it though, the earthy, hard-worked smell of these ladies’ sweat mixed with perfume smelled almost exactly like how Alice smelled when she got home from the gym. It was probably just how strong women smelled when they got sweaty… right?

After a few minutes of stewing in his limitless questions, the standing zebra threw her head back and groaned. A sound that made Jay’s shoulders slouch came from the giant lady’s nuts as they CLENCHED and squeezed. The thought of his bed that he shared with his wife smelling like ZEBRA JIZZ was what finally made Jay speak out. “EXCUSE ME\! WHAT’S GOING ON H-here…” Jay’s question was answered MUCH faster than he would have wanted. He watched in horror as the zebra stepped slightly to the side and started to pull back. The whole time Jay thought that the two zebras were fucking EACHOTHER, but this was quickly proven wrong as the panda got to see a MESS of light-grey fur between the two of them. Alice’s plump ass was unmistakable as Jay got to see two thick, black PIPES of zebra dick clogging her holes, the standing giantess that just dumped her nuts was pulling out of Alice’s ass with an ease that made Jay sick to his stomach when he saw how big the FLARE of her dick was. That thing was the size of Jay’s HEAD and yet somehow his bunny wife was able to let that monstrous black dick pull free from her without so much as a whimper\! Worst of all, Alice’s tail was VIBRATING.

Jay didn’t know where to look\! Did he look at his wife’s twitching body still laying on top of the remaining zebra that was staining his bed with her sweat? Did he look at the GAPING, spunk-drooling remains of his wife’s ass? Did he stare at that slick, gleaming black dick that was still PUMPING into her womb, POPPING a medial ring that was as thick as her THIGH in and out of her ruined pussy? Or did he look at the smug smile of the zebra that just pulled out of her ass as she walked towards him, one hand on her hip as the other one flicked to tell him to stand up?

With all the confusion, Jay’s mind and body just went along with the commands, unable to think on its own enough to influence his decisions. As he stood up he was met face to ‘face’ with the leathery folds of the zebra woman’s sheath, the base of her dick still throbbing as her heavy flare sagged down and wagged like a pendulum at his waist level. How in the WORLD did Alice have enough ROOM in her to take TWO of those monsters?\! The sheen of lube and sweat on the zebra’s black dick made it shiny enough to almost see his reflection in the pulsing, turgid flesh right in front of his face, Jay’s eyes unable to break his staring as the giant woman POMFED down onto the loveseat made for two, taking up the entire thing with her massive self. 

“Zara sweetie\! Go ahead and show our little bunny everything you got, I gotta talk the little cuck for a second\~” The teasing, soft tone of the sitting zebra’s voice made Jay shiver from how easily she was able to say those evil words so smoothly. From across the room Jay heard a gruff “Don’t gotta tell ME twice\!” but didn’t dare to turn around, flinching even as he heard his bed creak and heard his wife GASP in a breath. Jay clenched his eyes and prayed, prayed that this was all some fucked up situation that Alice had nothing to do with, in that single moment he found himself hoping that she was being RAPED by these giantesses, that she was a victim of it all, as fucked up as that was. His hopes were dashed as the second Alice was able to draw in a second, panting breath, her raspy words pierced through the noise of the bed creaking, the noise of the zebras’ dicks audibly twitching, the noise of his heart pounding out of his chest. Her voice cut through to him the instant she pleaded; “Please\! Deeper\! I need more\! Knock me up\! Mark me\! I don’t care as long as I can get more of that Big Black HORSE COCK\!”

Jay felt dizzy as those words echoed in his head, his entire world was falling apart, all he wanted to do was collapse and shrivel up right now but he was caught as he started to fall. His body felt weightless as he was lifted up and sat down in the lap of that lounging zebra, her sweaty breasts resting on top of his head as he could feel the moisture moving from her fur into the front of his shirt. She was hugging him? And something about the feeling, the dampness of her fur, the scent of her worked-up body, felt so familiar. She let go and leaned back, holding him upright to get those giant breasts out of the way so that he could see her face, a warm smile on her lips as her brown eyes looked at him with surprising kindness. She was beautiful, her hair streaked with stripes of white just like her fur and her darkened muzzle split to show her smile. One of her hands petted the panda’s face, a giant finger wiping the tears from his eyes as she spoke softly to him.

“Good boy\~ There we go\~ See? We’re not that scary\! At least I’m not\~” Her voice carried a snicker as Jay’s hearing tried its best to drown out the sound of his wife BEGGING, PLEADING for more of the ‘thick Black dick’ she was getting. The zebra grabbed his face and kept him from turning around, keeping her eyes locked with his. “My name is Tasha, my sister over there is Zara and we’ve been seeing your wifey for a year or so now.” This made Jay struggle in her grip, needing to turn around to see his wife only to have his jaw SQUEEZED by Tasha’s hands. “No, no, not yet\~ Let Zara have her fun first, we’ve got a few minutes to chat\~” Tasha’s soothing tone was gone without a trace, her voice cold and cutting as her eyes stayed locked onto Jay’s like they were trying to bore a hole through his head.

“TAKE IT BITCH\! TELL ME WHO OWNS YOUR SLUTTY BODY\! TELL ME WHO YOU BELONG TO\!” The gruff zebra’s voice behind him was enough to make Jay stop trying to turn around, not wanting to see what made Alice respond with a whorish moan and a pathetically out-of-breath “YOU OWN ME\! YOUR BLACK COCK OWNS MY BODY\! MY MIND\! MY WOMB\!”

Sorting through all of the questions that he had all at once, trying to find something to say as he tried to sort through all of the emotions he was feeling, all Jay could come up with was a whimpering “W-why?”

Tasha’s face flashed an evil smirk before softening again as her hand pet over the panda’s head, sitting up again to block his sightline to her face and squish him into her abs, under her heavy boobs. The zebra fidgeted and turned Jay around, ripping his pants off in the process as she made him stare at what was happening to his wife. Her body was being BOUNCED down into the bed before springing up, that ROD of thick, black horsedick pistoning in and out of her like it was drilling for oil, all while she grabbed at the hand that was around her neck with more pleasure in her eyes than Jay had ever seen. “That’s easy\~” Tasha responded to Jay’s question after letting him watch Zara destroy that slutty bunny. “Just LOOK at how happy she is\! She was able to take both of us at once after only a year of training\! She was BORN for this, her body knew well before her brain did that she needed someone like US to show her her best life\!”

Anger welled up in Jay’s throat as he heard these words, presented so calmly, so factually while his wife GASPED for air between thrusts, Zara’s hands unable to keep her throat pinned down from how violently she was bouncing her into the bed. Their wedding bed. While he was angry, he couldn’t find any fault in Tasha’s reasoning, Alice looked more alive now than she EVER did in their years of marriage, she looked so happy, so content, and from the praise she was shouting out, ‘That perfect Black Horse Cock completes me\!’ her words… not his.

As Jay’s anger died down and the feeling of just wanting to die filled him up again, Tasha’s cooing voice and a soft squeeze around his chest made him wake back up. “See? Now you get it\~ Of course you can still take her out on dates, spoil her and bring her chocolates.” The zebra leaned down and grunted a bit before Jay heard the unwrapping of the chocolates he got for Alice being enjoyed by the giant he was trapped in the lap of. “Mmm\~ My favorite\~ Mmm, ANYWAY\! You can still do all the lovey stuff, but she’s OURS now, got it? This is OUR bed now, she’s OUR toy to play with and you? You have a choice to make\~” As Tasha spoke, a disgustingly loud THROBBING made the panda shift in his seat. Granted, he was sitting right on the base of the woman’s waist-thick dick, but until now, he had forgotten that. “You can either be the little cuck that watches us send your wife to heaven every night with the Big Black Horse Cock that she worships like they’re her personal GODS, or you can join her in being our little toy\~”

The THROBBING of Tasha’s member as it pulsed upright was only matched by the whorish GASPS and moans coming from Alice as Zara started to snort and huff. With her dick standing at full attention, Jay squeaked timidly as that monster threatened to throb and SLAP him in the face, trapping him between her dick and her abs, not knowing which one was harder and not really wanting to find out. “Sounds like my sister is just about to finish up over there. I’ll warn you, I’m MUCH nicer to you sweet little cuck boys than she is. I think it’s sweet to watch a hopeless romantic like yourself walk hand in hand with a girl that’s limping because she can barely handle the horsecock she’s addicted to. But Zara? Zara doesn’t care for you pathetic little things, she’ll treat you as nothing more than a pest, an insect that deserves nothing but a squashing out. Of course she isn’t some BEAST that would throw away the person that her newly found bunny toy loves.” Jay had been holding his breath as Tasha talked, unable to see Zara and Alice fully because of the pulsing, drooling, slightly flared black pillar between them, but he could still hear every brutish grunt and every whorish moan. Tasha leaned her muzzle down between her breasts to whisper in Jay’s ear as she felt him finally relax as she mentioned Zara’s aversion of hurting people that were loved by her current toy. “But come to think of it, I don’t think she’s said YOUR name all day\~ We’ve been here for HOURS now and I don’t think the words ‘I love’ have ever been followed by anything besides ‘Big… BLACK… horse cocks’ so maybe she wouldn’t mind if Zara threw you out\~”

It was hard to tell what hurt more, the fact that Jay KNEW that Tasha wasn’t lying, or the fact that he could see the zebra’s dick THROBBING as she teased him like this. The panda squirmed and adjusted himself only to feel his legs get GRABBED and held down tight. He was trapped between those rock hard abs and that giant dick pulsing in front of him, trapped under her sweaty breasts above him and once again, the rock hard dick he was straddling below him. “Now, if you wanted to make EVERYONE happy, your lovely Alice, my sweet Zara and myself, you would simply need to be our little toy\! You’d be giving your wife a break from the constant pounding to let her THINK for herself instead of having only the pleasure of getting her guts shunted into her chest. You’d also be able to experience the heaven that she’s in right now\~ Go ahead and peek, Zara’s just finishing up. Look at how HAPPY your wife is with us and how happy YOU could be\!”

Tasha didn’t wave or wiggle her hips, she knew that if Jay wanted to see his wife as instructed, he would have to touch the twitching pillar blocking his view. His shaky little hands were soft, his fur was nice and supple, he would make an EXCELLENT cumrag for them. As Jay moved that powerful, surging, black monster of a dick aside, he felt it THROB in his hand and tried to return to upright. Having to FIGHT with a dick that was stronger than his arms wasn’t something he was expecting to do today, but neither was staring at Alice’s face like this. Zara had her hands wrapped around the bunny’s waist, her thumbs rubbing the unmistakable outline of that PILLAR of a cock that ran up almost the entire length of the girl’s body. Alice’s head was flopped on the bed, her arms over her head and her eyes rolled in their sockets, staring blankly at Jay. The mascara that she never used to wear until a few months ago streaked down her face, ruining the beauty of her light grey fur with thick black smudges. Her lipstick was faded in the center but still laid on THICK around the outline of her lips, a massive, dopey smile plastered on her face.

Since they first met, Alice was always a bit of a stern-looking woman, Jay thought it played a big part in why they fell in love so fast since he was able to make that beautiful marble face crack a smile with his goofy antics. But now she was just laying there as Zara’s hips bucked and jostled her body, a smile wider than Jay had ever seen PLASTERED on her face in a look of sheer ecstasy. Tasha was right, this was Alice’s happiest life possible. That wasn’t a face of momentary pleasure, that was a face of embedded lust bordering on the edge of addiction. These two zebras could take Alice to heights Jay could never DREAM of, and Tasha was even kind enough to offer the same to him.

“C-can I e-ever s-sleep with her a-again?” Jay whimpered as he let Tasha’s dick go, watching it spring and waggle in front of his face. As Zara snorted and the disgustingly audible sound of the zebra’s nuts CLENCHING and dick PUMPING another load into his wife made Jay shudder, Tasha did something he would never expect. Her hand grabbed two fingers and a thumb around his dick. He didn’t exactly remember when he got as hard as a rock, but the feeling of being touched so suddenly made him SQUEAK out as Tasha put her other hand on her own cock, unable to grab fully around its twitching girth. Jay whined and wiggled as Tasha pressed his length down against hers. Even with his thighs as a buffer she had to be four, maybe even FIVE times bigger than him in length alone\! That twitching monster was HOT too, pulsing and drooling a glob of precum that rolled down for a solid few seconds before finally swallowing all of Jay’s dick in a single glob. The panda shuddered and tried to look up through the cleavage above him to ask what Tasha was doing.

“We came up with a solution to THAT too\!” Tasha’s voice had a bit of pride in it, the first real emotion that Jay had been able to pick up from her since the initial greeting. “You see, you get the privilege of using that tiny little clit you call a dick, and donating it to ME so that WE can pleasure your wife TOGETHER\! Doesn’t that sound great? Finally being part of something that can please your slut of a wife, give her EXACTLY what she wants? Besides, I think we’ll ALL agree that your size would look so much better in Black\~ All you have to do is let go.” Tasha cooed these words into Jay’s ear, her thump pressing his dick down against hers, letting him feel the HEAT and power of every throb shooting through her length. Tasha hadn’t lied since she got here, every word she spoke in that cold, cutting voice was true so why would she be lying about this part? No matter how far-fetched it seemed, Jay couldn’t convince himself that she was lying, she had no reason to\! His head hurt from all of the earthy zebra sweat he had been breathing in, from how many thoughts were swirling around in his head all day, from how many questions were still unanswered\!

“Give me a kiss and I’ll take it from there\~” Tasha’s voice cooed and rolled around in Jay’s head, trampling all of the other thoughts and questions he had. He was whining, he was close to cumming from feeling that monstrous pillar of black dick pulse against his little pink ‘clit’. But for the first time all day, Jay’s head was clear. The panda leaned in and cupped his hands around Tasha’s semi-flared tip, needing to pull himself up a bit to give it a kiss. Not a smooch, not a peck, the panda’s broken little brain must have conjured up images of Alice on his wedding night or something because he was making OUT with that horsecock. His tongue traced the edge of that flare, his eyes rolling in his head as he felt it SURGE in his hands and against his tongue. It tasted so familiar. The saltiness, the tang, the earthy undertones. Every time Jay had kissed Alice for the past year, it had a hint of this taste to it. Every time she left him dazed and hard in his pants from grabbing and making out with him, THIS is what he tasted on the back of her tongue every time. All the pieces fell into place as Jay felt himself get bucked around by the dick he was clinging to. He didn’t feel his own cock throbbing anymore, but he didn’t need to, Tasha’s was doing enough twitching for the both of them.

“God DAMN Tasha, you break him already?” Zara snickered as she pulled out of the bunny bitch they’d been sharing. Her flare POPPED out as Alice’s bloated belly started to deflate, a torrent of zebra spunk gushing onto the floor as the bunny herself twitched and moaned. Tasha chuckled as she had to PEEL the red panda’s limbs off of her dick one by one, lifting him off of her lap to set him down so she could stand up next to her sister and compare the newly gained size. The two ladies stood hip to hip, Zara with a trail of spunk leading to her from the bunny she just pulled out of and Tasha with a drooling faucet of precum dripping from her tip. Both of their dicks were too top-heavy to stay upright for long, sagging down to their calves. A laugh erupted from the girls as they looked at the pathetically kneeling panda whose brain was still catching up with what just happened. 

“I barely see a difference\!” Tasha exclaimed as they shared a laugh at Jay’s expense. The panda’s tail curled around his waist and hid the tiny little nub of a dick he was left with, feeling ashamed that he wasn’t even big enough to make a noticeable difference, wondering if she even STOLE his size or if she just shrunk him. After a solid laugh and a few tears wiped away from the sisters, Tasha pat Zara on the back and ducked out of the doorway. “I’m grabbing the tattoo gun now that our little bunny isn’t pretending to hide the taste of horse dick on her breath, go try out the little panda, he’s got good rag-fur\!” 

As soon as Tasha left the room, Zara’s smile faded as she stared down at the pathetic little panda in front of her. Her brow furrowed and her green eyes stared daggers into him, making him feel even smaller than he already was. Zara didn’t have the white streaks in her hair or mane, her face held a disdain for Jay that was making the air feel even more chokingly oppressive. On his knees like this, Jay’s face was on level with those glistening thighs and yet as Zara stepped forward, her heavy hooves digging into the floor on either side of him, her still-flared tip SLAPPED him in the chest. Being this close, Jay could also make out the faded, streaking red kiss marks littering this woman’s heavy, leathery nuts. He shivered as he thought of kissing those sweat-dappled orbs now, especially after seeing what they could PUMP out.

“Still have to be told what to do? Honestly, I don’t know why Tasha even bothers keeping you guys around. OPEN UP\!” Zara’s hoof STOMPED into the floor, denting the hard wood and sending a skitter of splinters into the air. Jay’s blood ran cold as his body obeyed before his brain could even think. He couldn’t see Zara’s face from down here, her gargantuan body blocking out the light as the only thing he could see was the underside of her pierced-nipple boobs, the same toned abs that her sister had and that drooling, spunk-dripping, still twitching, big black horse cock. With his mouth open and obedient, Zara sucked her teeth and lazily swung her hips around, not bothering to look down at this pathetic bitch under her as her mace-like flare slapped and thumped against Jay’s cheeks while she tried to find his mouth. It was ABSURD to think that her tip would EVER fit INTO him, he was still amazed that Alice had managed, but she apparently had training\! Surely they wouldn’t expect him to be able to handle them right? Surely they wouldn’t expect him to handle BOTH RIGHT?\!

Zara let out a soft sigh as she felt Jay’s hands reach up and grab around her flare, his pathetic little tongue lapping at the tip of her blunt cock, licking off every drop of the spunk that clung to it. The panda shivered as he tasted the CONCENTRATED form of the zebras’ essence. It was so salty, so potent, so thick and gooey. It made him shiver to think that Alice had been taking this spunk by the GALLON for the past year. “I doubt you can even taste her on that black dick huh? Your precious little Alice is OURS now, don’t let my sister fool you into thinking anything otherwise. THIS is the closest you’ll EVER get to tasting her, to being with her\! You’re OUR toy now, and don’t you fucking forget it.” Zara’s voice held none of the soft compassion that Tasha pretended to have when she wanted to convince someone. Tasha had a smooth talking suave to her words, something that made you hang on the edge of your seat and obey but Zara had her own way of making people obey; intimidation. 

While licking every inch of that dinner plate that Zara called a cock tip, Jay heard an odd buzzing noise that made his ears perk up but he didn’t dare to devote any attention to anything BUT Zara’s dick at the moment. Eventually, Zara leaned down and grabbed the panda by the back of his neck, lifting him up and PRESSING his body against her dick to wipe the precum, sweat and bunny-squirt from her length before letting him drop to the ground. “You mind if I break in her mark? I know you like the boy toys anyway.” Zara sounded bored as she left Jay soaking in dicksweat and crumpled on the floor, his head spinning as the HEAT of the dick he had been making out with for god knows how long was suddenly gone. Tasha’s voice sounded like a relief as she crouched down and picked Jay up with ease, pointing his little head down to see that Alice was awake again.

The bunny wasn’t paying attention to him, or either of the girls at this point, her nose was twitching with excitement and her ears were perked up high as she stared down at her stomach. Her hands were caressing a tight, black clip-around choker that had the letters BBHC etched into it in white. On her lower belly, right above her twitching and abused pussy lips, was a black tattoo of an upside-down horseshoe with a broken heart in the middle of it. Her eyes looked up to Tasha’s and then to Zara’s as she smiled and shook her hands with giddy glee. “THANK YOU\! NOW EVERYONE WILL KNOW HOW MUCH I LOVE BIG BLACK HORSE COCK\!” Her excitement only grew louder as she looked down at the swinging, pulsing objects of her worship, her eyes glossing over Jay like he wasn’t even there. Zara snorted and pressed her blunt tip between the excited bunny’s quivering thighs, nudging that thigh-thick dick against that much-too-small but historically accommodating entrance “How about I break it in and give you some fouls?” Alice let out a squeal of excitement high-pitched enough to shatter glass if it was close enough before Zara was ON her… and IN her.

While her sister had the privilege of breaking in their newly marked whore, Tasha CLICKED something around Jay’s neck, presumably the same type of collar that Alice was running her fingers over as she moaned like a whore and watched her stomach BULGE out in front of her from Zara’s breeding efforts. The panda’s face must have shown his feelings of the matter because Tasha chuckled and patted his head. “Don’t worry cuck, I haven’t forgotten about you\~” With that, she pulled out a stencil from the bag she brought in and placed it on Jay’s thigh. The image of an upside-down horseshoe whose border cut off the tip of a male gender symbol made Jay gulp. The design was terrifyingly accurate, the purple template on his thigh made his hands shakily reach down to touch it but he was quickly reprimanded by Tasha who grabbed his hands together with only one of hers. The ‘kind’ zebra set Jay down next to his moaning ex-wife, watching her fists ball up and grab the sheets as her eyes rolled in her head. The buzzing of the needle perked Jay’s eyes back down to see Tasha had already started to fill in the template with black ink. “Hold still now, you’ll earn the engraving on that collar soon enough. Don’t worry, I’ll be the one to break you in so that Zara doesn’t break you instantly\~ By the time I let her get her hands on you, you’ll be able to handle it… probably\~” Tasha smirked and let go of Jay’s hands, instead grabbing his face to push his attention down. Instead of staring at the bunny that used to be his wife, he was now staring at the black horse dick that was ripping her in half, watching it BULGE out that fresh ink on her stomach, watching her LOVE every second and every inch.